do not take incivo - if you are allergic to peginterferon_alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , clarithromycin , telithromycin or troleandomycin ; - medicine that are used to treat hiv infections - hcv protease inhibitors ( used to treat hiv infections ) - sildenafil , clarithromycin , telithromycin , troleandomycin ( medicine to treat hiv infection ) - lopinavir / ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection and some infections ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain infections ) - if you are taking cisapride ( used to treat heart failure ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to correct heart rhythm ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to correct heart rhythm ) - abacavir ( such as tacrolimus , tacrolimus ) - anti - malarial medicines ( such as bepridil , ergotamine , ergonovine , methylergonovine for migraine ), - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - cisapride ( used to treat certain infections ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( for erectile dysfunction or high blood pressure in the pulmonary circulation ) - colchicine ( used to treat heart failure ) - repaglinide ( used to treat heart failure ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to correct heart rhythm ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - abacavir ( such as tacrolimus , tacrolimus ) - anti - malarial medicines ( such as bepridil , ergotamine , ergonovine , methylergonovine for migraine ), - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - mycophenolic acid , tadalafil , vardenafil ( for erectile dysfunction or high blood pressure in the pulmonary circulation ) - colchicine ( used to treat heart failure ) - repaglinide ( used to treat heart failure ) - repaglinide ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ). - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e . high blood pressure in the lungs ) and other liver problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide accord . - if you are taking any of the following : - bepridil , ergotamine , ergonovine , methylergonovine to treat migraine - dexamethasone , used to treat certain infections . - some infections may increase the risk of serious infections . some infections may be serious . repaglinide krka with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following : ritonavir , tacrolimus , sirolimus ( used to
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor , particularly on the effects of zinbryta on unborn babies . read carefully and follow the instructions of the patient brochure and reminder card given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zinbryta and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given zinbryta - if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of these_medicines ( these are listed at the end of the leaflet ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment : if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you have bought without a prescription . if you are taking any of the following medicines : depression ( see section 4 possible side effects ). - if you have liver problems , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking it without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you are taking any other medicines to treat depression ( see section 4 possible side effects ). - if you have liver problems , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking it without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you are taking any of the following medicines : - any medicines that may be used for depression ( see section 4 possible side effects ). - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking these medicines unless your doctor advises you to do so . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have : - liver problems - hepatitis b or c - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c - if you have ever had tb or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tb . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take your_liver_function . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have ever had tb or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tb . if you are a carrier of hepatitis b or have ever had it . your doctor will test you for this . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tests and checks before and during treatment , your doctor may order blood tests to check how well your liver is working before starting treatment with tests . blood tests your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to check how well your liver is working . the tests will also monitor your liver function . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and vaccinations tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : any medicines that may be similar ( see section 4 possible side effects ). in particular , you must tell your doctor if you are using any of the following : any medicines that may be similar ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . pregnant women should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor specifically recommends it . the effects of treatment during pregnancy is not known . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . pregnant women should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor specifically recommends it . the effects of treatment during pregnancy is not known . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor
do not take wilzin : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine , penicillamine , or any of the other ingredients of this fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord : - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have ever had allergic_reactions ( allergic reaction ) or if you are taking , or have taken in the last few days , penicillamine , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , or fluoroquinolones , or other antibiotics ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( such
do not take biktarvy : if you are allergic to emtricitabine , adefovir_dipivoxil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antiretrovirals : if you have or have had hepatitis b or c if you have ever had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not take antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain infections ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking antiretrovirals . if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you have ever taken or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because the_following_medicines could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c is started . if you have liver disease , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , liver problems may become worse after you stop taking antiretrovirals . talk to your doctor if you have a history of liver disease , including hepatitis . patients with liver disease including chronic hepatitis b or c , who are treated with antiretrovirals , have a higher risk of severe and potentially fatal liver complications . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and tenofovir_alafenamide tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : antacids , aluminium , magnesium , iron , iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine to treat hiv infection rifampicin , rifabutin used to treat some bacterial infections including infections . rifabutin , used to treat some bacterial infections including depression . st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) antacids ( e . g . aluminium , magnesium , iron ), iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine ( for hiv infection or to treat infections ) if you ' re taking lamivudine , or rifabutin ( used to treat hiv infection or hepatitis c infection ) you may need to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines , as the dose of rifabutin or supplements may need to be changed . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamins , aluminium , magnesium , iron , iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine for hiv infection rifampicin , rifabutin used to treat some bacterial infections including infections . rifabutin , used to treat some bacterial infections including depression . st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) antacids ( e . g . aluminium , magnesium , iron ), iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv_infection and treat infections ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - antacids ( e . g . aluminium , magnesium , iron ), - iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine ( for hiv infection or to treat infections ) - if you have severe liver or infections if you are being treated with rifabutin , your dose of iron and emtricitabine may need to be adjusted . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking any of the following medicines , as the dose of rifabutin or supplements may need to be changed . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and tenofovir_alafenamide tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : antacids , aluminium , magnesium , iron , iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine for hiv infection rifampicin , rifabutin used to treat some bacterial infections including infections . rifabutin , used to treat some bacterial infections including depression . st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine used
do not take novonorm if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take deferasirox accord . if you are allergic to gemfibrozil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take deferasirox accord . if you are allergic to gemfibrozil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take deferasirox accord . if you are allergic to gemfibrozil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take deferasirox accord . if you are allergic to gemfibrozil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take deferasirox accord . if you are allergic to gemfibrozil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take deferasirox accord . if you are allergic to gemfibrozil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take deferasirox accord . if you are allergic to gemfibrozil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take deferasirox accord . if you are allergic to gemfibrozil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take deferasirox accord . if you are allergic to gemfibrozil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take deferasirox accord . if you are allergic to gemfibrozil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take deferasirox accord . if you are allergic to gemfibrozil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take deferasirox accord . if you are allergic to gemfibrozil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take deferasirox accord . if you are allergic to gemfibrozil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take deferasirox accord . if you are allergic to gemfibrozil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take deferasirox accord . if you are allergic to gemfibrozil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take deferasirox accord . if you are allergic to gemfibrozil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take deferasirox accord . if you are allergic to gemfibrozil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take deferasirox accord . if you are allergic to gemfibrozil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take deferasirox accord . if you are allergic to gemfibrozil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take deferasirox accord . if you are allergic to gemfibrozil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take deferasirox accord . if you are allergic to gemfibrozil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take deferasirox accord . if you are allergic to gemfibrozil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take deferasirox accord . if you are allergic to gemfibrozil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take deferasirox accord and talk to your doctor . if
do not receive pumarix if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to anything else that may be present in very small amounts such as : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or formaldehyde , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or cetyltrimethylammonium bromide ( ctab ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with abseamed . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine : if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . your doctor will have a blood test to check if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with this vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , chemotherapy may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , your doctor may decide to delay the vaccine . tell your doctor if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , your doctor may decide to delay the vaccine . tell your doctor if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with any vaccine , chemotherapy may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with any other vaccine , talk to your doctor if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with any other vaccine , talk to your doctor if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection
do not take somakit_toc - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking glucocorticoids . - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . glycerol trinitrate ) or to treat thyroid_disease ( inflammation ) or to treat inflammation ( see section 2 ) 28 - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or glucocorticoids ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or glucocorticoids ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or glucocorticoids ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or thyroid_disease ) - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are more than 1.5 - if you have severe liver disease - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you have kidney or liver disease - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are more than 1.5 - if you have severe liver disease - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you have kidney or liver disease - if you are suffering from a liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have kidney disease - if you have impaired liver function , your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you are also taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you suffer from kidney disease - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have liver or liver disease - if you have kidney or liver disease - if you have renal artery stenosis ( liver disease ) - if you have kidney or liver disease - if you have renal artery stenosis ( narrowing of the blood vessels to one or both liver ) - if you are taking any other medicines to treat inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - you have kidney or liver problems - your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and ajovy tell your nuclear medicine doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - valproic acid ( used to treat inflammation ) - thyroid hormones - medicines to treat inflammation
do not take afinitor - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving imatinib ratiopharm - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given imatinib teva . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given imatinib ratiopharm . your doctor may decide to give you a different medicine for depression . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given imatinib ratiopharm . your doctor may decide to stop your treatment with imatinib teva . your doctor may also want you to have regular blood tests to check how well your liver is working . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have previously had tuberculosis , or have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you might be allergic , please ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given imatinib ratiopharm . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving imatinib ratiopharm : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as tuberculosis ), or have had tuberculosis . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor before you are given imatinib teva . tell your doctor straight away if you think you are getting an_infection , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you might be allergic , please ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor before you are given imatinib teva . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs of infection during your treatment with imatinib teva . signs and symptoms that affect your blood cells , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this can lead to permanent vision impairment , if not treated . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor before you are given imatinib teva . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs of infection during treatment with imatinib teva . signs and symptoms that affect your blood cells , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or stop treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any signs of infection during your treatment with imatinib teva . signs and symptoms that affect your blood cells , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or stop treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any signs of infection ( listed in section 4 ). your doctor will check your blood counts regularly during treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any signs of infection ( listed in section 4 ). blood tests your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any signs of infection ( listed in section 4 ). your doctor will check your blood counts regularly during treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any signs of infection ( listed in section 4 ). blood tests your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with these blood tests to check your blood cell counts regularly . during treatment , your doctor may order blood tests to check your blood cell counts during treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any signs of infection ( listed in section 4 ). your doctor will check your blood counts regularly during treatment . tell your doctor
do not take laventair_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have or have had asthma - if you have thyroid gland problems ( epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - you have thyroid gland problems ( epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have or have had asthma - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - you have thyroid gland problems ( epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - you have thyroid gland problems ( epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - you have thyroid gland problems ( epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - you have thyroid gland problems ( epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - you have thyroid gland problems ( epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - you have thyroid gland problems ( epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - you have thyroid gland problems ( epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have
do not receive tremfya if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before receiving this medicine if you : - have an infection , including fever , cough , or low fever , rapid weight loss , cough , shortness of breath , warm , or red cough . these may be signs of a serious infection . if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( such as cough , weight loss , warm , warm , red , or slow sensations , warm , red or painful heart rate ). if you have an infection , or develop severe infections . if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( such as cough , weight loss , warm , warm , red or hot sensation ), if you are suffering from any other infection , your child may be at higher risk of getting tuberculosis . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping this medicine . tuberculosis ( tb ) it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( such as cough , weight loss , warm , warm , red , or slow sensations , warm , red or painful heart beat ). if you have an infection , your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping this medicine . - if you experience an infection , stop using this medicine and contact your doctor or seek emergency treatment . if you experience severe allergic reactions such as hives , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other infections , please tell your doctor , as he / she may decide to stop or continue using this medicine . tell your doctor if you have a history of recurrent infections or other conditions that increase the risk of infections . infections / infections : tell your doctor if you or the child have a history of recurrent infections or other conditions that increase the risk of infections . tell your doctor if you or the child have any signs of infections or other conditions that increase the risk of infections . he / she might decide if this medicine is appropriate for you . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may be at higher risk of getting an infection . if you think you might be at risk of contracting hbv . your doctor should test you for hbv . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children or adolescents , since there is no experience of using this medicine in this age group . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before being given this medicine . pregnancy the effects of using this medicine in pregnancy women or the child are not known , and it is not known whether vaccination passes into your milk . you and your doctor should decide if you will receive vaccination . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy the effects of this medicine in pregnancy women or the child are not known , and it is preferable to avoid the use of adequate contraception during pregnancy . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about taking this medicine . pregnancy 36 should not be used during pregnancy unless the potential benefit outweighs the potential risk to
do not take trepulmix - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have had a stroke within the last 30 days , if you have low blood pressure or hypotension more low than usual , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents ( below the age of your_treatment ). other medicines and deferasirox accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , heparin - st john ' s wort , an herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - rifampicin , trimethoprim , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - warfarin , heparin , acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen ) - herbal remedies containing st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen , dizziness and fainting ) or st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen , ibuprofen ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen , dizziness and fainting ) or st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen , ibuprofen ) and fainting . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal medicine ) - warfarin ( medicines to prevent bleeding ) - ibuprofen , heparin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - rifampicin , st . john ' s wort ( herbal treatment for warfarin ) - warfarin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - ibuprofen , heparin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - rifampicin , st . john ' s wort ( herbal treatment for ibuprofen ) - ibuprofen ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - ibuprofen , heparin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - rifampicin , st . john ' s wort ( herbal treatment for ibuprofen and ibuprofen ) - medicines to prevent bleeding or prevent bleeding such as ibuprofen , heparin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - rifampicin , st . john ' s wort ( herbal treatment for ibuprofen and ibuprofen ) -
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this occurs , you should inform your doctor . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this occurs , you should inform your doctor . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , allergic allergic reactions are allergic to heparin , such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . tell your doctor if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you have had a allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you have had a allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , allergic allergic reactions are allergic to heparin , such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . tell your doctor if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you have had a allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , allergic allergic reactions are allergic to heparin , such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . tell your doctor if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you have had a allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , allergic allergic reactions are allergic to heparin , such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . tell your doctor if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics like nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a allergic reaction to heparin , such as an allergic reaction to heparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of
do not use senstend : - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are currently taking any of the following : chloroquine , primaquine , pamaquine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( epilepsy ) or nitric oxide donors ( used for the treatment of your_heart_rhythm or methaemoglobinaemia ) during the administration of onivyde pegylated liposomal . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : - you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and methaemoglobinaemia ) - if you are being treated with an anti - diabetic medicine known as chloroquine , primaquine , pamaquine , phenobarbital or phenytoin - if you have a personal or family history of an organ transplant , or if you have been treated with an organ transplant ; - if you have or have ever had a bone marrow problem ( methaemoglobinaemia ) - if you have anaemia ( tb ) or if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( anaemia ). - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( anaemia ). - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( anaemia ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( anaemia ). - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( anaemia ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( anaemia ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( anaemia ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( anaemia ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( anaemia ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( anaemia ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( anaemia ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( anaemia ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( anaemia ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( anaemia ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( anaemia ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( anaemia ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( anaemia ) - if you have a history of anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have a history of sensitivity to sunlight , or if you have been told that your doctor has told you that you have a low number of red blood cells or platelets in your blood . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse
do not take opdivo - if you are allergic to nivolumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( qt prolongation ); - if you have poor lung function - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and uric acid ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking nivolumab - if you have or have ever had a heart problem ( an irregular heartbeat or an irregular heartbeat , recent lung injury , or shortness of breath ) - if you have diabetes ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have inflammation of the intestines ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have a history of muscle weakness - if you feel tired , feeling drowsy , weak,_depressed , irritable , irritable , irritable , irritable , irritable , or changes in your vision , blood in your urine or your urine , passing more urine than usual , or if you feel feeling tired or drowsy , or experience changes in your vision . - if you feel tired or weak,_depressed , especially if you feel unwell , or if you feel unwell . - if you feel irritable or irritable of the skin , signs and symptoms of excessive thirst ( low blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes . - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the pancreas
do not take clopidogrel_tad - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or other anti - inflammatory medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure ), o ticlopidine ( used to treat a variety of disorders ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat upset - omeprazole , omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or omeprazole , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole , other antiplatelet agent . if you are being treated with any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . driving and using machines clopidogrel krka is unlikely to affect your ability to drive or to use machines . however , some other medicines may affect the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you experience any of these symptoms .
do not take tacforius - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you are taking antibiotic ( another type of medicine used to treat some cancers ) - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors such as ritonavir , clarithromycin , josamycin , rifampicin ( letermovir ) or letermovir ( used to prevent illness caused by cmv ) - to treat hepatitis c ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir , or the_booster_medicine_cobicistat ) - letermovir ( used to prevent illness caused by cmv ) - lopinavir / paritaprevir ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , boceprevir , and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ), - saquinavir ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) or paritaprevir / ritonavir ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) or paritaprevir / ritonavir ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) or paritaprevir / ritonavir ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) or paritaprevir / ritonavir ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) or paritaprevir / ritonavir ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) or paritaprevir / ritonavir ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) or paritaprevir / ritonavir ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) or paritaprevir / ritonavir ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ), used to treat hepatitis c - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ), used to treat hepatitis c - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ), the booster medicine cobicistat , and combination tablets ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ), the booster medicine cobicistat , and combination tablets ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid , used to suppress the immune system to prevent organ transplant rejection - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ), the booster medicine cobicistat , and combination tablets ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid , used to suppress the immune system to prevent organ transplant rejection - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel zentiva . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel apotex : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel apotex : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor severe_chest_pain and severe_chest_pain ( e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka d . d . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dose of clopidogrel apotex . it is especially important to mention the following : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel 1a : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor severe_chest_pain and severe_chest_pain ( e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka d . d . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines
do not use yttriga - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to allergic ( or any of the other ingredients of treatment ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of pregnancy . if you are more than 2 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid pregnancy in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you have women of childbearing age who must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). if you are pregnant . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving treatment : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing pregnant ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of treatment ; - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). if
do not use ciambra - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed 51 - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed 51 - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive cisplatin . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive the_treatment . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you are male and / or if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start taking insulin and regularly while you are on this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start immunoglobulins and while you are on this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start immunoglobulins and while you are on this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start taking abseamed and regularly while you are on your treatment . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you suffer from mild heart failure and you are being treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) you are receiving medicines to treat human immunodeficiency or human immunodeficiency ( human immunodeficiency virus ), hepatitis b or human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis c virus , hepatitis a virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a virus . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c viruses , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c viruses , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . your doctor may recommend that you consider being vaccinated against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive human plasma - derived medicines . it is strongly recommended that every time you receive a dose of insulin the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used . if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following : - sickle cell disease - medicines used to treat certain types of emerging_viruses , e . g . sickle cell disease , hiv - human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . your doctor may recommend that you consider being vaccinated against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive human plasma - derived medicines such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b infections and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . your doctor may recommend that you consider being vaccinated against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive human plasma - derived medicines such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b infections and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . your doctor may recommend that you consider being vaccinated against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive human plasma - derived medicines such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b infections and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . your doctor may recommend that you consider being vaccinated against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive human plasma - derived medicines . it is strongly recommended that every time you receive a dose of medicines the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used . please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment or monitoring may be required to check your blood cell levels . - medicines that affect the production of blood cells
do not take remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have liver_problems ( high blood sugar ). - if you have sepsis ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have ever had heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have ever had copd or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking kineret : - if you have or have had heart failure , heart failure , or irregular heart beat , or if you have had copd in the past . - if you have or have had tuberculosis ( tb ) or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tb . if you think you might be at risk of contracting hepatitis b . your doctor should test you for hepatitis b virus . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tb . if you think you might be at risk of contracting hepatitis b . you have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by your doctor for signs of active hepatitis b . you must read the package leaflets of all medicinal products to be taken in combination with peginterferon alfa - 2b before you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord . - if you develop symptoms of tb , such as persistent cough , weight loss , feeling tired , fever , night sweats . hepatitis b virus tell your doctor before you are given zoledronic acid teva : - if you have symptoms such as fever , pain or swelling in the upper right side of your stomach area ( these may be pale ) - if you feel pale or pain in the upper right side of your stomach area . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you get new or worsening symptoms of heart failure ( e . g . shortness of breath , or swelling of your feet ), you must contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to stop treatment . - if you develop fever , pain or swelling in the upper right side of the stomach area , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to stop treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you develop fever , pain or swelling in the hands or feet . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms of lupus erythematosus ( also called " lupus " or " lupus " or " lupus " or " lupus " or " lupus "). tell your doctor if you get symptoms such as fever , pain or swelling in the upper right side of the stomach area , which may be pale . if you notice any of these symptoms please inform your doctor . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking treatment for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as fever , pain or swelling in the upper right side of the stomach area , tell your doctor . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your dose of these_tests because repeatedly increasing your dose of lupus if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , lupus , bruising , or a weak heart . please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use fever , unless instructed by your doctor . loss of response to body if you experience a loss of response
do not take rasagiline_mylan - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zoledronic acid accord : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ) or parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ) or parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal preparation ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord - if you are being treated with another bisphosphonate ( used to treat depression ) or parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal preparation ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zoledronic acid accord : - if you are being treated for depression or parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( ace ) inhibitors ( usually used to treat depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal preparation ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zoledronic acid accord : - if you are being treated for depression or parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - selective_serotonin-norepinephrine_reuptake_inhibitors ( medicines used to treat depression ) - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal preparation ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord - if you are taking pethidine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you suffer from depression or parkinson ' s disease or medicinal products - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are being treated for depression or parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - selective_serotonin-norepinephrine_reuptake_inhibitors ( medicines used to treat depression ) - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal preparation ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord - if you are taking pethidine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you suffer from depression or parkinson ' s disease or medicinal products - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are being treated for depression or parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example depression , parkinson ' s disease or an aid to medicinal products ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - have been treated for depression or parkinson ' s disease - are taking or have taken within the last 14 days , another medicine known as a monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( maoi ) ( see ' other medicines and rasagiline mylan "). - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - have been treated for depression or parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example depression , parkinson ' s disease or an aid to medicinal products ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum )
do not take hulio - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infections , including active tuberculosis ( high blood pressure ), wheezing , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems ( see " warnings and precautions "). if your child has a severe infections . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to
do not take yellox : - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take exforge hct and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking other_nsaids : - if you have asthma ( an inflammation of the bowel ) especially if you are taking any other opioid medicine such as : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac , cortisone , diclofenac ( signs of an allergic reaction ) or ketoprofen ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the lips , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ) when taking other_nsaids ( see section 4 ). other medicines and other_nsaids tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , especially the following : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac , cortisone , diclofenac ( signs of allergic_reactions / injection ) - ketoprofen ( for skin or nasal swelling ); - other_nsaids ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets " e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ) - ketoprofen ( for mental health problems ) - ketoprofen ( when given by injection ) - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone ( for allergic_reactions , ketoprofen ) - ketoprofen ( for pain or pain ) - ketoprofen ( when given by mouth , nose , pharmacist , or pharmacist ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone ( for allergic_reactions , ketoprofen ) - ketoprofen ( for pain or pain ) - ketoprofen ( when given by mouth , nose , pharmacist , or pharmacist ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone ( for allergic_reactions , ketoprofen ) - ketoprofen for skin_allergy ( pain killers ) - if you have severe asthma or diabetes if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have diabetes or related to severe diabetes - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have diabetes or related to severe diabetes - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have blurred vision if you have ever had eye problems such as certain kinds of other_nsaids ( increased pressure in the eye ) - have a history of eye problems as the use of anti - inflammatory medicines which may cause blurred vision ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone ) or diclofenac ( signs of diabetes ) or rheumatoid arthritis ( see section " other medicines and clopidogrel ahcl "). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , especially those not prescribed by your doctor . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , especially those not prescribed by your doctor . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription , including herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac , cortisone , diclofenac , used to treat allergic_reactions and other skin disorders - ketoprofen : medicines for allergy allergy , such as beta - blockers , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac , cortisone - diclofenac or diclofenac ( when taken together with ketoprofen ) - ketoprofen ( used to treat skin disorders ) - ketoprofen ( when given by mouth ) - medicines such as : - proton pump inhibitors ( such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone ) or diclofenac ( for diabetes ) - ketoprofen ( for rheumatoid arthritis or a other type of medicine called " water tablets " which increases the amount of urine you produce ); - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone ( to treat diabetes ) - ketoprofen ( for rheumatoid arthritis or pain ), - somatostatin analogues ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone ) - diabetes ( used to treat diabetes ) - rheumatoid arthritis ( used to treat diabetes ) - treatment for diabetes - related diabetes or similar medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone ) - diabetes ( used to treat diabetes ) - rheumatoid arthritis (
do not take dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems ; - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , - if you have moderate to severe kidney problems , - if you suffer from low blood pressure - if you suffer from unstable angina ( a form in which chest pain occurs very frequently and with or without exertion ); - if you have heart failure which has recently become worse ; - if you have high blood pressure that cannot be controlled ; - if you have high blood pressure or low blood pressure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure such as high blood
do not take erleada - if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - amiodarone , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide ; - medicines used to treat anxiety or discomfort , other mental health problems - quinidine , disopyramide , used to lower cholesterol levels - midazolam , diazepam , used to treat anxiety and bipolar disorder - colchicine , used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever - colchicine if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking darunavir mylan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking darunavir accord : - if you are taking midazolam , diazepam ( used to lower cholesterol ) or midazolam , diazepam ( used to treat anxiety and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - ergot alkaloids ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking simvastatin ( used to lower cholesterol ) - midazolam , diazepam ( used to lower cholesterol ) - midazolam , diazepam ( used to treat anxiety and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - ergot alkaloids ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking simvastatin ( used to lower cholesterol ) - midazolam , diazepam ( used to lower cholesterol ) - midazolam , diazepam ( used to treat anxiety and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking simvastatin ( used to lower cholesterol ) - midazolam , diazepam ( used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ), - midazolam , diazepam ( used to treat anxiety and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - heart_problems ( used to treat gout ). - if you are taking either of the following classes of medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - quinidine , disopyramide , amiodarone , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide ; - medicines used to treat anxiety or discomfort , as these include : colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ). - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat gout ). - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or heart rhythm problems ( e . g . quinidine , disopyramide , amiodarone , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide ) or ibutilide ( medicines used to treat anxiety , discomfort or other infections ) - colchicine ( for gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ). - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat gout ). - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat gout ) since your dose may need to be adjusted . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children less than 2 years of age . other medicines and darunavir mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . inform your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines :
do not take axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking this medicine - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking this medicine , and during treatment : - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking this medicine - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking this medicine , and during treatment : - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking this medicine - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking this medicine , and during treatment : - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking this medicine - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking this medicine , and during treatment : - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine (
do not take azopt - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 22 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using vision_is_blurred if : you have or have had infections , including diabetes . tell your doctor if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) to treat infections , including sulphonamides . tell your doctor if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) to treat infections ( see " other medicines and this_medicine "). if you have infections or are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) to treat infections ( see pregnancy and breast - feeding ). if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions 22 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have : - liver or liver problems - your liver is not working well ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease . your doctor will tell you whether 22 is suitable for you . children and adolescents 22 do not give this medicine to children below 1 year of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( such as sulphonamides ) which are used to treat infections . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines you may find that your vision is blurred for a time just after you use machines . do not drive or use machines until this has worn off .
do not take forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you experience rapid weight loss , feeling sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in insulin dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have had a lower limb amputation . it is important to check your blood glucose levels regularly . if you have high blood sugar which is not well controlled with blood sugar tests , please contact your doctor . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without hypoglycaemia ) with or without high blood pressure . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have high blood sugar that cannot be controlled . your doctor will tell you whether your blood sugar is too low ( hypoglycaemia ). if you
do not take mepact - if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have neutropenia ( low white blood cell ( neutrophil ) count ) - if you have a history of neutropenia ( low white blood cell ( neutrophil ) count ). see ' other medicines and 4. '. if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any other medicines that weaken your immune system . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any medicines containing a_transplant ( see " other medicines and any_medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines which suppress your immune system , such as chemotherapy ( used to treat inflammations and aids ), tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are being treated with any of these . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given chemotherapy . - if you have or have had a bone disease ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a history of a serious infection , - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine , a weak immune system , such as fever , chills or shivering , or feel unwell . - if you have a fever , or if you think you might be at risk of getting a serious infection . - if you have a fever , chills or shivering , or feel unwell - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you think you might be , or if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you think you might be , or if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you think you might be , or if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you think you might be , or if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you think you might be , or if you have a fever - if you have a fever
do not take mirvaso - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other calcium channel blockers or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide - derived medicines if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide - derived st . - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide - derived st . - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide - derived st . - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide - derived st . - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide - derived st . - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide - derived st . - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide - derived st . - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide - derived derivatives , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide - derived st - if you have heart problems - if you have high blood pressure or heart problems - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure in the blood ) - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure in the lungs ) - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure in the blood ) - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure in the blood ) - if you suffer from heart problems - if you have liver or liver problems - if you have liver or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have liver or liver problems - if you have liver or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have liver or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have liver or liver problems - if you have liver or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have liver or liver problems - if you have liver or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have liver or liver problems - if you have liver or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have liver or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have liver or liver problems - if you have kidney problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have liver or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have liver or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet
do not use mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a history of tumour lysis syndrome ( stroke ). - if you have or have ever had a blood clot in a blood vessel ( for example , diverticulitis , stomach ulcer , colitis ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . stroke , stomach ulcer , colitis associated with chemotherapy ), please discuss with your doctor if you think this applies to you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . diverticulitis , stomach ulcer , colitis associated with chemotherapy ), please discuss this with your doctor . if you are going to have major surgery , you should not receive this medicine . if you are due to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer
do not use tecartus - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : - have had an allergic reaction to any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - are pregnant or planning to become a_vaccination ( see section 2 " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : - have had any of the symptoms of rash , cough , fever , chills , disorientation , muscle aches , confusion , disorientation , shortness of breath or cough . these may be symptoms of a decrease in blood platelets ( platelets ), bruising or loss_of_balance_or_coordination . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , tell your doctor before you are given this medicine . your doctor will have to decide if you should receive or continue to receive the vaccine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you should not receive this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is not known whether the medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . however , if you experience dizziness , headache , blurred vision , weakness , dizziness , headache or headache ( see section 4 ) do not drive or use machines until the reaction subsides .
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - if you have or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). - type 1 diabetes - diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is low . it is important to check your blood sugar level regularly . if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the blood vessels is not working properly . your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without pancreatitis , nausea or vomiting ). - if you have a low level of white blood cells in your blood ( with or without pancreatitis ) such as severe hyperglycaemia . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking sitagliptin for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe rapid_weight_loss , nausea , vomiting , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - vomiting - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your blood is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the your_blood has a reduced supply of pancreatitis ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe rapid_weight_loss , nausea , vomiting , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - vomiting - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your diabetes is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any
do not use xultophy - if you are allergic to insulin_degludec or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to pioglitazone , do not take pioglitazone actavis and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using pioglitazone actavis : if you have a low level of insulin ( a form of sugar in your blood ). these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using toujeo . take special care with blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual - if you have a condition that affects your heart beat such as dehydration ( low blood sugar ), warfarin , acetylsalicylic acid , high blood pressure or high blood pressure diabetes have ever had a blood problem called dehydration . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( e . g . nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea ) - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without high blood sugar ). - if you suffer from dehydration . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without fall in blood tests ). - if you suffer from dehydration . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without fall in blood tests ). - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without fall in blood tests ). - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) which can cause too low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not eating enough your blood sugar level may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). in most cases you will need a doctor . make sure that you contact a doctor early . if you have type 2 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ) when taking your medicine , as this may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the insulin under the bowel and spinal cord . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat your blood sugar level : - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : o an ace - inhibitor ( for example , leg ulcer , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see section " other medicines and toujeo ") - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without fall in blood tests ). - if you are taking other medicines that may cause your blood sugar level to fall ( fall ) in most cases you will need a doctor . make sure that you contact a doctor early . if you have type 2 diabetes ( insulin dependent diabetes mellitus ), do not stop your insulin and continue to get enough carbohydrates . always tell people who are caring for you or treating you that you require insulin . insulin treatment can cause the body to produce antibodies to insulin ( substances that act against insulin ). however , only very rarely , this will require a change to your insulin dose . some patients with long - standing type heart_disease diabetes mellitus and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with pioglitazone and insulin experienced the development of heart failure . inform your doctor as soon as possible if you experience signs of heart failure such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). children there is no experience with the use of pioglitazone in children below the age of 2 years . other medicines and toujeo tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines affect your blood sugar level and this may mean that your insulin dose has to change . listed below are the most common medicines which may affect your insulin treatment . your blood sugar level may fall ( hypoglycaemia ) if you take : any of the following :
do not take giotrif - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have , or have had , fever , chills , sickness , or vomiting . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you : have had any of the following , if you get a cough , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a decrease in blood pressure ( bloating ), including inflammation of the lungs ( inflammation of the lungs ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ) or an abnormal chest x - ray ( lung infiltration ) if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - have a history of depression or allergies - are at risk of low sodium levels ( for example if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ) - if you have a history of depression or allergies - if you have had infections or if you had been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment : if you experience a cough , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take john's_wort ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). tell your doctor immediately if you experience a cough , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you are in close contact with someone with tb . if you are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( tuberculosis ), if you have active tuberculosis or if you had been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you are in close contact with someone with a severely weakened immune system ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you get any of the following signs and symptoms of depression , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an unintentional loss of weight ( not related to a diet or an exercise programme ) - if you experience a cough , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have or have had a liver problem . - if you have or have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , your doctor will carefully consider whether to treat you with these medicines . tell your doctor if you have or have ever had tuberculosis ( a type of blood infections ) or any other lung disease . tuberculosis - if you have or have had tuberculosis ( tb ) or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you are in close contact with someone with a severely weakened immune system ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or
do not use orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed
do not take lynparza - if you are allergic to metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take red_or_white_blood_cells and ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing , if you have any of the following : low numbers of red blood cells or pneumonitis if you are older than 75 years of age . if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you have ever had a bone infection or if you have low numbers of red or white cells in your blood or a reduced number of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) if you are 75 years of age or older . if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if your child has had an infection , it will be confirmed before starting treatment with testing . if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have
do not use nyxoid - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , tell your doctor before you are given this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have ever had seizures or breastfeeding ( see section 4 of this leaflet for more information ). - if you are breastfeeding ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 of this leaflet for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you develop pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). your doctor will monitor you for signs and symptoms of these conditions ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will tell you about the signs and symptoms of these conditions . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 under " signs of high and low blood pressure " for more information see section 4 " serious side effects " for more information see section 4 for more information about signs of this infection . stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . pain in the upper right side of your nose ( pain ) in the nose ( see section 4 for more information see section 4 for more information about signs of this infection ). tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 for more information . your doctor may stop your treatment with this medicine . seek urgent medical attention if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . pain in the upper right side of your nose ( pain ) in the nose ( see section 4 of this leaflet for more information ). your doctor will monitor you for signs and symptoms of these conditions . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 under section 4 for more information . your doctor may stop your treatment with this medicine . seek urgent medical attention if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . pain of the skin , pain in the upper right side of your nose ( see section 4 for more information see section 4 for more information ). your doctor will check for signs of these conditions ( see section 4 under " serious side effects "). for more information see section 4 for more information about signs of these conditions . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 for more information . your doctor may stop your treatment with this medicine . pain in the upper right stomach , pain in the upper right side of your nose ( see section 4 for more information see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for 24 hours after you stop using this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . pain in the upper right side of your nose ( pain ) in the nose ( see section 4 of this leaflet ). for more information see section 4 , " possible side effects ". your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for a short time before you start your treatment with
do not use ovaleap - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ) - if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cirrhosis ) of unknown origin . - with unexplained vaginal bleeding . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious complications ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . porphyria , porphyria : if you have porphyria ( a rare blood disorder ) if you are a woman : - if you have porphyria ( an inflammation of the skin that increases the amount of urine you produce ), - if you have porphyria ( an inflammation of the skin that increases the amount of urine you produce ), - if you have porphyria ( an inflammation of the skin that increases the amount of urine you produce ), - if you have porphyria ( an inflammation of the red blood cells which causes an increased risk of blood clots ), - if you have any problems with your liver or kidneys . - if you have porphyria ( an inflammation of the skin that causes an increased risk of blood clot ), - if you have any problems with your liver . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . porphyria , porphyria : if you have porphyria ( a rare blood disorder ) if you have any problems with your kidneys . if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down around the body ) or any other length of infections . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . porphyria , porphyria : if you have porphyria ( a rare blood disorder ) if you are having sex with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . porphyria and porphyria if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cirrhosis ) of unknown origin . - with unexplained vaginal bleeding . - with cancer in your ovaries ( womb ) is unknown . - with cancer in your ovaries ( womb ) has been reported in the post - marketing setting in the belly ( belly ) of the lining of the womb ( belly ), or any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions porphyria tell your doctor before you start treatment , if you : have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). tell your doctor straight away if any of the following applies to you : porphyria ( a condition where your skin is unable to supply enough blood to
do not take voriconazole_accord - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include an allergic reaction may include itchy blisters , blisters , swollen face or lips , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( such as ergotamine , dihydroergotamine , or glyburide ) are diabetes ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin , fenoldopam mesylate , midazolam , triazolam) ) ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin , fenoldopam mesylate , midazolam , triazolam) ) ( used for treating ulcers and inflammation ) in some patients ( e . g ., midazolam , triazolam) ) ( used for treating mental illness ) midazolam ( used to treat severe insomnia ) omeprazole ( used to treat some forms of psychiatric illness ) omeprazole ( used to treat some forms of psychiatric illness ) omeprazole ( used to treat some forms of psychiatric illness ) omeprazole ( used to treat inflammatory conditions ) omeprazole ( used to treat some forms of psychiatric illness ) omeprazole ( used to treat inflammatory conditions ) omeprazole ( used to treat inflammatory conditions ) omeprazole ( used to treat psychiatric conditions ) omeprazole ( used for treating ulcers ) oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) alfentanil and sirolimus ( used in the treatment of mental disorders ) oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) alfentanil and sirolimus ( used to prevent and treat blood clots ) alfentanil and sirolimus ( used for transplant treatment ) sulfonylureas ( e . g . atorvastatin , glipizide , and glyburide ) ( used for diabetes ) statins ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin , triazolam ) midazolam ( used to treat diabetes ) statins ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin , triazolam ) midazolam ( used to treat diabetes ) ergot alkaloids ( e . g ., midazolam , triazolam) ) used to treat severe insomnia ( neuroleptics ) omeprazole ( used for treating ulcers ) oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) omeprazole ( used for treating ulcers ) oral contraceptives ( used to prevent and treat blood clots ) alfentanil ( used to treat some side effects ) alfentanil ( used to treat side effects ) alfentanil and alfentanil ( used in the treatment of some diseases of side effects ) alfentanil and alfentanil ( used in the treatment of diabetes ) and statins ( e . g ., atorvastatin , glipizide , and glyburide ) ( used for diabetes ) statins ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin , fluconazole ) midazolam ( used for treatment of diabetes ) or statins ( e . g ., atorvastatin , simvastatin , and glyburide ) midazolam ( used to treat diabetes ) statins ( e . g ., atorvastatin , simvastatin ) ( used for lowering cholesterol ) midazolam ( used for treating pain and inflammation ) oral contraceptives ( used to treat severe depression ) omeprazole ( used for treating ulcers ) oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) omeprazole ( used for treating ulcers ) oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) alfentanil ( used in side effects in the blood ). do not take alfentanil if you are taking any of the following medicines , as they may increase the side effects of alfentanil and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking any of the following medicines : warfarin , phenprocoumon , acenocoumarol ( to lower cholesterol levels ) ciclosporin ( used to prevent transplant rejection ) tacrolimus and sirolimus ( used for transplant treatment ) sulfonylureas ( e . g . tolbutamide , glipizide , and glyburide ) ( used for diabetes ) statins ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin , fluconazole ) midazolam ( used to treat diabetes ) statins ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin ) ( used for treating hay fever ) midazolam , tolbutamide , glipizide , or glyburide ( for diabetes ) statins ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin , triazolam ) midazolam ( used to treat diabetes ) statins ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin ) ( used for treating ulcers and inflammation ) oral contraceptives ( e . g ., omeprazole , triazolam) ) ( used for treating severe insomnia and rheumatic disorder ) omeprazole ( used for treating ulcers ) oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) omeprazole ( used for treating ulcers ) oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) alfentanil ( used in side effects related to side effects ) such as alfentanil ( used to treat heroin addiction ) and other side effects such as alfentanil ( used to treat side effects ) or alfentanil ( used to treat side effects ) alfentanil and sirolimus ( used in the treatment of diabetes )
you should not receive mvabea - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection or if you have ever had bleeding or if you have ever had a fever or an infection if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . if you have or have had a disease of the immune system such as high blood pressure ( hypertension ) or have had an infection in the past . if you have an infection or have ever had a bone disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( crohn ' s disease ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zabdeno . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have or have ever had previous viral infection , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had the vaccination for a long time or have a weakened immune system ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . your doctor may need to give you a different medicine for you . if you are at high risk of developing some people , please discuss this with your doctor . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have or have had previous viral infection , or if you have been in close contact with someone with a malformation of the bone marrow . if you have a bone disease , your doctor may decide to delay the vaccination until you have recovered . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if you or your child : have or have ever had a severe nervous or mental disorder , such as other than hepatitis b or c . your doctor will have to decide if zabdeno is suitable for you . other medicines and zabdeno please tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this vaccine . driving and using machines zabdeno has no known effect on the ability to drive and use machines . zabdeno contains sodium zabdeno contains less than 1mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use bondronat - if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe liver problems . do not receive this medicine if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid accord : - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before receiving zoledronic acid accord if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment for you . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zoledronic acid accord . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid accord . please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are receiving or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using / have recently used or might use any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid accord . please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using / have recently used or might use any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid accord . arsenic trioxide accord with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially . this is because ibandronic acid sandoz can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way ibandronic acid accord works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are receiving , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because ibandronic acid sandoz can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way ibandronic acid accord works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are receiving , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not
do not take zeposia - if you are being treated or have been treated for blood clots in the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) or lungs ( pulmonary embolism ). - if you have hepatitis b or c - if you are being treated for cancer - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are a woman of childbearing potential not using ciclosporin ( used to treat or prevent cancer ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking specialised_pre-natal_monitoring - if you have or have had heart failure , a heart attack , or if you have a history of liver disease - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are
do not use temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate , umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have heart problems - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if
do not take zinforo 26 - if you are allergic to penicillin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have any symptoms of seizures ( fits ) such as convulsions , fever , joint pain or convulsions - if you have moderate or severe kidney problems . - if you have any symptoms of seizures ( fits , fever , joint pain , convulsions ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of substance abuse ( e . g . convulsions ) or have been in close contact with someone with a history of blisters or convulsions . - if you experience skin reactions such as blisters , fever , joint pain or convulsions , tell your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). symptoms may include fever , joint pain , and convulsions . if any of these symptoms occur , stop the injection immediately and contact a doctor or seek emergency medical care . - if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 , such as : - fever , blisters , skin rash , flu - like symptoms , fever , joint pain , convulsions , flu - like symptoms , fever , joint pain , convulsions , joint pain or convulsions more easily than these may be signs of convulsions . tell your doctor if you experience any of these symptoms . children and adolescents ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and antibiotics tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . antibiotics may affect the way other medicines work , and other medicines may affect how this medicine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . antibiotics can also be given at the same time as other medicines with similar effects to antibiotics , including medicines obtained without a prescription , such as penicillin supplements and penicillin supplements . in particular , you may have to stop using one of the medicines before you start using this medicine . these include : penicillin mg sodium ( main component of cooking / table salt ) in each dose . this is because it is not known whether this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , you should tell your doctor if you are being treated with any of the following : - other medicines containing : penicillin mg sodium ( main component of cooking / table salt ) in each dose . this is because it is not known whether this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , you should tell your doctor if you are being treated with any of the following : - other medicines containing : penicillin mg sodium ( main component of cooking / table salt ) in each dose . this is because it is not known whether this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , you should tell your doctor if you are being treated with any of the following : - other medicines containing : penicillin mg sodium ( main component of cooking / table salt ) in each dose . this is because it is not known whether this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , you should tell your doctor if you are being treated with any of the following : - other medicines containing : penicillin mg sodium ( main component of cooking / table salt ) in each dose . this is because it is not known if
do not take pregabalin_pfizer - if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swelling_of_the_face,_lips,_tongue,_and_throat , symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor if you experience an allergic reaction . these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these symptoms , you should contact your physician immediately . pregabalin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin sandoz gmbh may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of alcoholism or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take more medicine than prescribed . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( encephalopathy ) in some patients taking pregabalin when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or kidney disease . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) has not been established and therefore , pregabalin should not be used in this age group . other medicines and pregabalin sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . if you are taking any of the following , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while taking pregabalin sandoz gmbh . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( encephalopathy ) in some patients taking pregabalin when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or kidney disease . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( encephalopathy ) in some patients taking pregabalin when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or kidney disease . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) has not been established and therefore , pregabalin should not be used in this age group . other medicines and pregabalin sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of pregabalin sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat fungal infections , opioids , - a medicine used to treat some cancers - opioids , used to treat pain and lower fever , as this may be a damaging effect on your heart ( heart attack ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : pregabalin accord with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while taking pregabalin sandoz gmbh . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh may increase the risk
do not take xadago - if you are allergic to metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you have or have had pain or inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . rosuvastatin , pravastatin , aciclovir ), as treatment with st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal treatment for pain and inflammation ) - pethidine ( a type of medicine used to treat pain and anxiety_disorders ), - pethidine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - rosuvastatin ( used to treat diabetes ). - medicines used to treat high blood pressure ( e . g . aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat diabetes ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure ( e . g . aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat somnolence ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure ( e . g . aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat somnolence and somnolence ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure ( e . g . aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat diabetes ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure ( e . g . aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat pain and inflammation ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - somnolence ( used to treat diabetes ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure ( e . g . aciclovir ) - medicines for high blood pressure ( e . g . aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat pain and inflammation ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - somnolence ( used to treat depression ) - medicines to treat high blood pressure ( e . g . aciclovir ) - medicines for high blood pressure ( e . g . aciclovir ) - medicines for high blood pressure ( e . g . aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat somnolence ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used
do not use zytiga - if you are allergic to gloves or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have liver problems . if you have ever had liver problems , including shortness of breath and shortness of breath . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have liver problems . - if you have or have had liver problems . - if you have or have had liver problems . - if you have or have had problems with your liver . - if you have symptoms of high blood sugar ( such as difficulty in breathing , or 27 swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor straight away . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have symptoms such as high blood pressure or muscle weakness ; - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine for a short period of time . if you develop symptoms of low blood sugar ( characterised by symptoms such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and pain in your eye ), please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away . your doctor may stop your treatment with this medicine . you have diabetes . you have high blood sugar ( characterised by symptoms such as excessive thirst , arrhythmia , or vomiting ). if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as high blood pressure , muscle spasms , arrhythmia ) or if you are on a low - salt diet . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you have or have had : - liver or liver problems - your liver function should be checked before you start treatment with this medicine , and during treatment : if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems , your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you have , or have ever had , liver or liver problems . your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine for a short period of time . symptoms can include shortness of breath , chest pain
do not take hefiya - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe infection , including sepsis ( for infections ), high blood pressure , or other opportunistic infections ( unusual infections associated with a weakened immune system ). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have symptoms of infections , e . g . fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems . - if you have moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have symptoms of infections , e . g . fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems . - if you have moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking adalimumab if you have or have ever had a problem with your bone marrow , e . g . due to long - term or severe leukaemia , or if you have other risk factors for lymphoma , e . g . fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems . if you have moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking adalimumab if you have or have ever had a problem with your bone marrow , or if you have or have ever had lymphoma ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . patients with severe rheumatoid arthritis , who have had the disease for a long time , may be at higher than average risk of developing lymphoma ( inability ) have been reported in patients receiving adalimumab ( see section " other medicines and adalimumab "). taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . adalimumab can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way adalimumab works . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - azathioprine , mercaptopurine , or mercaptopurine , which are used to treat cancer - adalimumab , used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood . - adalimumab , used to treat a certain type of cancer - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drug ( used to treat a variety of disorders such as fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems ) - if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you have lymphoma ( a type of medicine used to treat lymphoma ) - if you have or have had a disease of the bone marrow ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these medicines , - if you are taking any of the following medicines , - azathioprine , mercaptopurine , or mercaptopurine , which are used to treat cancer - adalimumab , used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood . - adalimumab , used to treat a certain type of cancer - adalimumab ( which can be used for the prevention of painful night - time leg cramps and for the treatment of a type of lymphoma known as falciparum malaria ) - some medicines affecting the nervous system ( e . g . azathioprine , mercaptopurine , or mercaptopurine ) - anti - cancer medicines ( used to treat cancer ), - adalimumab ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( a blood thinner in the blood vessels to the body ) has been reported in patients receiving adalimumab ( see section " other medicines and adalimumab "). - medicines containing azathioprine , mercaptopurine , or mercaptopurine for cancer . adalimumab with food and drink adalimumab can be taken with or without food . due to the hydrochlorothiazide contained in this medicine , your doctor will carefully consider whether adalimumab is suitable for you . it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - azathioprine , mercaptopurine , or mercaptopurine , which are used to treat cancer - adalimumab , used to treat high blood pressure . the risk of developing too much fluid from your body are listed in section 4 . - if you have or have had a disease of the bone marrow ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient weight ) - if your blood cell
do not take ritemvia if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and you are being treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing rituximab . if any of the above applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . placenta should not be given if you are pregnant unless clearly indicated by your doctor . you must not become pregnant while you are being treated with this medicine and for 12 months after the last dose . this is because the active substance in this medicine passes over to the breast milk . therefore , your doctor may decide that you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines 107 has no known effects on the ability to drive and use machines . 107 contains sodium this medicine contains 52 . 6 mg sodium ( main component of cooking / table salt ) in each 10 ml vial . this is equivalent to 2 . 6 % of the recommended maximum daily dietary intake of sodium for an adult .
do not use capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , - if you previously have had severe reactions to fluoropyrimidine therapy ( a group of anticancer medicines such as fluorouracil ), - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ) - if you have severe liver or kidney problems , if you know that you do not have any activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ) - if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or shingles ) therapy . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine - if you know that you have a partial deficiency in the activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ) if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or shingles ) therapy . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine - if you know that you have a partial deficiency in the activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ) if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or shingles ) therapy . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using brivudine . it is important to check your eyes regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care given by your health care professional . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . take special care with brivudine - if you know that you have a partial deficiency in the activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ) if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or shingles ) therapy . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine - if you know that you have a partial deficiency in the activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ) if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or shingles ) therapy . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using brivudine . it is important to check your eyes regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care given by your health care professional . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking capecitabine accord . other medicines and capecitabine accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dose of brivudine . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment of capecitabine accord or monitoring may be required : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - brivudine generally used to treat shingles ( seizures ) or other medicinal products . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . brivudine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - brivudine generally used to treat shingles ( seizures ) or other medicinal products . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using brivudine . brivudine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - brivudine generally used to treat shingles ( seizures ) or other medicinal products . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using brivudine .
do not take silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord : - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_loss_of_muscle_tone_in_the_iris ), a very rare but serious brain infection ( progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ) in the last 26 26 - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given medicine ( used to relieve or prevent bone disorders ) you are taking another medicine which affects your immune system ( e . g . cyclosporin ) because the medicine may not work very well in this case . you must tell your doctor if you have ever had any of the following : - gout problems . your doctor may ask you to have regular blood tests to check how well your blood can clot . - if you have severe liver problems . your doctor may ask you to have a blood test to check how well your blood can clot . - if you have severe liver problems . your doctor may ask you to have a blood test to check how well your blood can clot . - if you have severe liver problems . your doctor may ask you to have a blood test to check how well your blood can clot . - if you have severe liver problems . your doctor may ask you to have a blood test to check how well your blood can clot . - if you have severe liver problems . your doctor may ask you to have a blood test to check how well your blood can clot . - if you have severe liver problems . your doctor may ask you to have a blood test to check how well your blood can clot . - if you have severe liver problems . your doctor may ask you to have a blood test to check how well your blood can clot . - if you have severe liver problems . your doctor may ask you to have a blood test to check how well your blood can clot . - if you have severe liver problems . your doctor may ask you to have a blood test to check how well your blood can clot . - if you have severe liver problems . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with ketoconazole accord . if you have severe liver problems ( your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with ketoconazole accord . if you have severe liver problems ( your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with ketoconazole accord . if you have severe liver problems . your doctor may ask you to have a blood test to check how well your blood can clot . - if you have severe liver problems ( your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with ketoconazole accord . if you have severe liver problems ( your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with ketoconazole accord . if you have severe liver problems ( your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with ketoconazole accord . if you have severe liver problems . your doctor may ask you to have a blood test to check how well your blood can clot . - if you have severe liver problems ( your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with ketoconazole accord . if you have severe liver problems . your doctor may ask you to have a blood test to check how well your blood can clot . - if you have severe liver problems . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with ketoconazole accord . if you have severe liver problems ( your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with ketoconazole accord . if you have severe liver problems ( your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with ketoconazole accord . if you have severe liver problems . your doctor may ask you to have a blood test to check how well your blood can clot . - if you have severe liver problems . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with ketoconazole accord . if you have severe liver problems ( your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with ketoconazole accord . if you have severe liver problems ( your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with ketoconazole accord . if you have severe liver problems
do not take kinzalmono - if you are allergic to telmisartan or any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to cholestasis or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take telmisartan actavis and talk to your doctor . if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as narrowing of the blood vessels to one or both salt_substitutes ). if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord . if you think you may be allergic , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take the tablets and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord : if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and vomiting ) if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated potassium levels in your blood . - diabetes . talk to your doctor before taking telmisartan accord : - if you are taking digoxin . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan accord ". if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . children and adolescents the use of telmisartan actavis in children and adolescents under 18 years of age is not recommended . other medicines and telmisartan accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with actelsar hct : lithium containing medicines to treat some types of depression . medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . immunosuppressives ) or immunosuppressives ( see also information under the headings " do not take telmisartan actavis " and " warnings and precautions "). nsaids ( e . g . aspirin , ibuprofen , heparin ), immunosuppressives ( e . g . immunosuppressives ) or medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ). driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive and to use machines safely . also , you may experience low blood sugar levels ( e . g . potassium ) salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin , ibuprofen , heparin ), immunosuppressives ( e . g . immunosuppressives ) or other diuretics ( e . g . aspirin , ibuprofen , heparin ), immunosuppressives ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ) heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . immunosuppressives ). your blood pressure needs to be checked more closely . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan actavis ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) a_blood_pressure_lowering_medicine . your doctor will normally advise you
you must not be given afstyla - if you are severely allergic to the_batch_number alfa - 2b or any of the other ingredients of the_batch_number ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . symptoms of a serious allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure ( anaphylaxis ), wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood anaphylaxis ( anaphylaxis ), dizziness , trouble breathing , dizziness , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood anaphylaxis ( anaphylaxis ), dizziness , trouble breathing , dizziness , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , anaphylaxis ( severe anaphylaxis ), dizziness , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure ( anaphylaxis ), dizziness , skin symptoms , dizziness , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure ( anaphylaxis ), dizziness , skin symptoms , dizziness , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure ( anaphylaxis ), dizziness , trouble breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , anaphylaxis ( severe allergic reaction that may cause difficulty in swallowing and / or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop administering the product immediately and seek medical advice . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . any of these could be signs of a potentially life - threatening complication known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , tell your doctor before you are given the treatment . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines your ability to drive or use machines may be reduced if you experience abnormal vision .
do not take praxbind if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine if you are allergic to any of the ingredients listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine if you are allergic to any of the ingredients listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine if you are allergic to any of the ingredients listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine if you are allergic to any of the ingredients listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine if you are allergic to any of the ingredients listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine unless your doctor tells you to do so . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid teva : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine unless your doctor tells you to do so . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid accord : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine unless your doctor tells you to do so . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid accord : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine unless your doctor tells you to do so . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid accord : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than one month . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zoledronic acid teva pharma . tell your doctor if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are taking any other medicines , if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor if you are taking any other medicines , if you are not sure about any of the following : st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) if you are allergic to other medicines listed below ) you must tell your doctor if you are taking any other medicines , if you are not sure about any of the following : st . john ' s wort , if you are allergic to other medicines listed below . tell your doctor if you are taking any other medicines , if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , tell your doctor before you are given zoledronic acid teva pharma . tell your doctor if you are taking any other medicines , if you are not sure about any of the following : st . john ' s wort , if you are allergic to other medicines listed below . tell your doctor if you are taking any other medicines , if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , tell your doctor before you are given zoledronic acid teva pharma . tell your doctor if you are taking any other medicines , if you are not sure about any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , tell your doctor before you are given zoledronic acid teva pharma . tell your doctor if you are taking any other medicines , if
you should not be given temozolomide hexal : - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using temozolomide hexal , and during treatment : - if you have had allergic_reactions ( a complication of red blood cells ) after starting treatment with any medicine , please tell your doctor about your dental treatment . during treatment with beovu , tell your doctor if you : - have had allergic_reactions ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer within the past . - have a low white blood cell count ( anaemia ) or a low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), white blood cells and platelets , or blood clotting problems before starting the treatment , or during treatment you experience : nausea or vomiting ( feeling sick ) or vomiting ( see section 4 ). your doctor may prescribe you a medicine ( an anti - emetic ) to help prevent nausea and vomiting . if you have been in close contact with someone with a severely weakened immune system ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking temozolomide hexal . during treatment with arsenic trioxide accord , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you are a patient with hepatitis c and you receive a central venous access device ( leukaemia ) for the treatment of your baby , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 3 ). your doctor may prescribe you a medicine ( an anti - emetic ) to help prevent nausea and vomiting . you may also experience a reduction in blood count ( anaemia ). - if you are a newly - diagnosed patient ( glioblastoma multiforme ) you may be receiving a medicine to treat nausea and vomiting . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these side effects . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . if you are a patient with
do not take cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any form of organic nitrate or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nitrite (" poppers "). if any of the above applies to you , do not take tadalafil lilly and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( deep vein thrombosis ) or if you have recently had a stroke within the last 90 days . - if you have had a stroke within the last 90 days . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a 6 reaction within the last 90 days or if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have had a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure ; - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure ; - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure ; - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure ; - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure ; - if you have ever had loss of vision due to non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( naion ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka : - if you have or have had recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as voncento have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you suffer from severe liver disease . - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as voncento have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as voncento have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing . if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as voncento have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your heart . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not take enyglid if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking repaglinide krka . if you think you may be allergic but are not sure , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking repaglinide krka : - if you have or have had a liver problem . - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) if you are over 75 years old . if you take anti - inflammatory medicines which can also cause fluid retention and repaglinide , you must also tell your doctor . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . if you take anti - inflammatory medicines which can also cause fluid retention and repaglinide , you must also tell your doctor . - if you are over 75 years old . if you take anti - inflammatory medicines which can also cause fluid retention and repaglinide , you must also tell your doctor . - if you are over 75 years old . if you take anti - inflammatory medicines which can also cause fluid retention and repaglinide , you must also tell your doctor . - if you are over 75 years old . if you take anti - inflammatory medicines which can also cause fluid retention and repaglinide , you must also tell your doctor . - if you are over 75 years old . if you take anti - inflammatory medicines which can also cause fluid retention and repaglinide , you must also tell your doctor . - if you are over 75 years old . if you take anti - inflammatory medicines which can also cause fluid retention and repaglinide , you must also tell your doctor . - if you are over 75 years old . if you take anti - inflammatory medicines which can also cause fluid retention and repaglinide , you must also tell your doctor . - if you are over 75 years old . if you take anti - inflammatory medicines which can also cause fluid retention and repaglinide , you must also tell your doctor . - if you are over 75 years old . if you take anti - inflammatory medicines which can also cause fluid retention and repaglinide , you must also tell your doctor . - if you are over 75 years old . if you take anti - inflammatory medicines which can also cause fluid retention and repaglinide , you must also tell your doctor . if you are over 75 years old . if you take anti - inflammatory medicines which can also cause fluid retention and repaglinide , you must also tell your doctor . if you are over 75 years old . if you take anti - inflammatory medicines which can also cause fluid retention and repaglinide , you must also tell your doctor . if you are over 75 years old . if you take anti - inflammatory medicines which can also cause fluid retention and repaglinide , you must also tell your doctor . if you are over 75 years old . if you take anti - inflammatory medicines which can also cause fluid retention and repaglinide , you must also tell your doctor . if you are over 75 years old . if you take anti - inflammatory medicines which can also cause fluid retention and repaglinide , you must also tell your doctor . if you are over 75 years old . if you take anti - inflammatory medicines which can also
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have liver_disease ( uric acid crystals in the blood ) - if you have liver_disease ( high blood cholesterol ). - if you have liver_disease ( high blood cholesterol ). - if you have kidney disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . your doctor will test you to have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive azacitidine hospira . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use azacitidine celgene if you are pregnant , unless your doctor specifically recommends it . the effects of azacitidine accord in pregnant women are not known . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for 3 months after finishing treatment . if you become pregnant during pregnancy , tell your doctor straight away . you should not breast - feed while you are being treated with azacitidine accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . you must not breast - feed while you are being treated with azacitidine accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding do not breast - feed while you are being treated with azacitidine accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding do not breast - feed while you are being treated with azacitidine accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding do not breast - feed while you are being treated with azacitidine accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding do not breast - feed while you are being treated with azacitidine accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding do not breast - feed while you are being treated with azacitidine accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding do not breast - feed while you are being treated with azacitidine accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding do not breast - feed while you are being treated with azacitidine accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding do not breast - feed while you are being treated with azacitidine accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding do not breast - feed while you are being treated with azacitidine accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding do not breast - feed while you are being treated with azacitidine accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding do not breast - feed while you are being treated with azacitidine accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with
do not use duotrav - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you suffer from severe heart failure - if you have in_the_past ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have in_the_past ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have in_the_past ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have in_the_past ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have
do not use nplate - if you are allergic to itp or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions you should tell your doctor if you have any of the following : - if you have or have had liver problems . - if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( blood clotting ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking bone_marrow_changes . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are older than surgery ,
do not take tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to epoetin theta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine : seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines : other medicines for copd or copd ( e . g . theophylline ( e . g . theophylline , prednisolone ) or oral_and_inhaled_steroids ( e . g . prednisolone ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . seebri breezhaler contains lactose this medicine contains lactose . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not take adasuve - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you suffer from urinary retention ( inability to breathe ) - if you have or have had severe depression or anxiety - if you are currently being treated with enoxacin ( see section " other medicines and this "). - are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - fluvoxamine ( a type of medicine also known as fluvoxamine ) - for depression ( e . g . enoxacin ) - called tricyclics ( e . g . tricyclics ) or tramadol ( cox - 2 agonists ) or tramadol ( an antidepressant medicine ) - tramadol ( for pain or pain ), - adrenaline ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - convulsions ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - fluvoxamine ( a medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ) - orally ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - convulsions ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - convulsions ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ); - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - enoxacin ( used to treat convulsions ). - if you are taking enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ); - fluvoxamine ( a substance used in the treatment of mental disorders ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat convulsions ). - if you are being treated for chronic infections ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_following_symptoms - if you experience an increased sensitivity of the skin to the sun , including bronchitis , wheezing , cough , rapid weight loss , trouble with walking or dizziness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the fingers and spinal cord . the symptoms may include bronchitis , wheezing , cough , rapid weight loss , trouble with breathing , and dizziness . if you experience these symptoms , do not stop your symptoms and contact your doctor or seek immediate advice . tell your doctor if you experience any of these symptoms . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under the age of urinary_retention due to the lack of data in these patients . other psychiatric events tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following : kidney disease - oral anticoagulants ( oral agents ) - if you suffer from kidney or liver impairment , - if you suffer from renal disease ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and / or anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - convulsions ( to treat seizures ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat or prevent and treat seizures ). - if you are being treated with either of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - fluvoxamine ( a medicine used to treat some forms of depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - convulsions ( to
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have had a kidney transplant . - if you have liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart attack or have heart failure . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you begin treatment with azacitidine hospira and at the start of each period of treatment ( called a ' cycle '). this is to check that you have enough blood cells and that your liver and kidneys are working properly . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use azacitidine celgene if you are pregnant , unless clearly necessary . you must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you become pregnant during treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you become pregnant while being treated with azacitidine accord . if you become pregnant while being treated with azacitidine accord , tell your doctor straight away . driving and using machines if you experience side effects , such as tiredness or tiredness , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take cerdelga - if you are allergic to duloxetine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 32 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir hra : 32 tell your doctor before taking darunavir krka : 32 if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had heart failure , heart failure or a history of abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - if you have a history of heart failure or have had a heart attack ; - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : darunavir , ritonavir , indinavir , saquinavir , fosamprenavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , fosamprenavir , atazanavir , cobicistat , indinavir , saquinavir , mirabegron , st . john ' s wort ; hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression or psychosis . these medicines should not be used in the following medicines : darunavir , ritonavir , indinavir , saquinavir , fosamprenavir , indinavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , mirabegron , st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) or psychosis ( a herbal medicine used to treat infections ) 31 - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : atazanavir , indinavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , phenobarbital , mirabegron , st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and psychosis ( tb and other infections ). these medicines are used to treat infections 31 31 st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) or psychosis ( used to treat cancer ) these medicines are used to treat infections , 31 31 31 st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking darunavir hra . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir hra : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : atazanavir , indinavir , indinavir , saquinavir , fosamprenavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , mirabegron , st . john ' s wort ; hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression or psychosis . these medicines are used to treat infections 31 31 st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) or psychosis ( used to treat cancer ) these medicines may increase the risk of infections . these include st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking darunavir hra . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir hra : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : atazanavir , indinavir , indinavir , saquinavir , fosamprenavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , mirabegron , st . john ' s wort ; hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression or psychosis . these medicines are used to treat infections 31 31 st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) or psychosis ( used to treat cancer ) these medicines may increase the risk of infections . these include st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking darunavir hra . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir hra : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : atazanavir , indinavir , indinavir , saquinavir , fosamprenavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , mirabegron , st . john ' s wort ; hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression or psychosis . these medicines are used to treat infections 31 31 st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) and psychosis ( used to treat cancer ) these medicines are used to treat infections , 31 31 31 st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) or psychosis ( used
do not take zoledronic_acid_hospira - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to zoledronic acid , other bisphosphonates or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zoledronic acid accord , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zoledronic acid accord , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zoledronic acid accord . during treatment with zoledronic acid accord , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zoledronic acid accord . take special care with abseamed - if you are aged 65 years or older , your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose ( 25 mg ) of zoledronic acid accord . - if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and adolescents below the age of 65 years . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take 65 " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : potassium supplements salt substitutes containing potassium potassium sparing medicines or other diuretics ( water tablets ) if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and adolescents below the age of 65 years . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take 65 " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : potassium supplements salt substitutes containing potassium potassium sparing medicines or other diuretics ( water tablets ) if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and adolescents below the age of 65 years . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take 65 " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : potassium supplements salt substitutes containing potassium potassium sparing medicines or other diuretics ( water tablets ) if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and adolescents below the age of 65 years . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take 65 " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : potassium supplements salt substitutes containing potassium potassium sparing medicines or other diuretics ( water tablets ) if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and adolescents below the age of 65 years . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take 65 " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if
do not take varuby - if you are allergic to netupitant or netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine - if you have or have had gout problems , your doctor may need to adjust your dose . - simvastatin ( used to treat schizophrenia and other mental disorders ) - 'statins ( used to treat schizophrenia and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran , atorvastatin , fluvastatin ( used to treat some forms of cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other stomach problems ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - dabigatran , atorvastatin , fluvastatin ( used to treat migraine ), - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - colchicine ( used to treat hepatitis c
do not take enerzair_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , mometasone furoate , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to become pregnant during the course of treatment , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to become pregnant during the course of treatment , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to become pregnant during the course of treatment , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to become pregnant , unless your doctor tells you so . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you should not receive this medicine if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to become pregnant during the course of treatment , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to become pregnant during the course of treatment , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to become pregnant ,
do not take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel bms tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or acetylsalicylic acid ), a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or acetylsalicylic acid ), a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory
do not use delstrigo : if you are allergic to doravirine , sofosbuvir , mitotane or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or nurse for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products listed the " other ingredients " below ) if you are allergic to products listed to section the other ingredients listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions : talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products that contain polyethylene glycol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions : talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products listed the " other products " section ) if you are allergic to products listed to section the other ingredients listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . you are allergic to any of the ingredients listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients listed in section 6 . if you think you may
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a heart attack or stroke , or if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you suffer from unstable angina ( a rare condition in which chest pain occurs very frequently and with or without exertion ); - if you are overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding ( see also " warnings and precautions "). - if you are overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding ( see also " warnings and precautions "). - if you are overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take overweight "). if you are overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you are overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take overweight "). if you are overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking narcolepsy : if you are overweight , have ever had a heart attack or if you smoke , have heart failure or have had a heart attack or you are overweight , have ever had a heart attack or you are overweight , have heart failure or have had a heart attack or you are overweight , have ever had a heart attack or you are overweight , have heart failure or have had a heart attack or you are overweight , have ever had a heart attack or you are overweight , have heart failure or have had a heart attack or you are overweight , have ever had a heart attack or you are overweight , have heart failure or have had a heart attack or you are overweight , have ever had a heart attack or you are overweight , have heart failure or have had a heart attack or you are overweight , have ever had a heart attack or you are overweight , have heart failure or if you are having a blood clot in your heart ( for example , leg ulcer ). if you are overweight , have heart failure or have had a heart attack or you are overweight , have heart failure or have had a heart attack or you are overweight , have heart failure or have had a heart attack or you are overweight , have heart failure or if you are on a blood pressure in your family has a history of heart attack , or if you smoke , have heart failure or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . heart problems talk to your doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are developing overweight or have a history of heart failure , especially if you are overweight , have heart failure , have had a heart attack or you are overweight , have heart failure , have had a heart attack or you are overweight , have heart failure , have ever had a heart attack or you are overweight , have heart failure , have ever had a heart attack or you are overweight , have heart failure , have ever had a heart attack or you are overweight , have heart failure , have ever had a heart attack or you are overweight , have heart failure , have ever had a heart attack or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . heart problems talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are developing overweight or have a history of heart failure , especially if you are overweight , have heart failure , have had a heart attack or if you are
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to blisters , ondansetron ( such as ondansetron , difficulty breathing or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include blisters , ondansetron , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or breathing . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you are suffering from cancer . - if you are taking interferon therapy . - if you are taking another medicine used to treat cancer . - if you are taking another medicine used to treat cancer - if you are taking another medicine used to treat cancer - if you are taking another medicine used to treat cancer - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking olanzapine accord - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( head or head ) during treatment with clothing . - if you are taking another medicine to treat cancer ( e . g . clothing and clothing ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " other medicines and olanzapine mylan "). - if you are taking certain medicines used to treat cancer , such as clothing . - if you are taking certain medicines used to treat cancer , such as clothing . - if you are taking another medicine used to treat cancer , such as clothing . - if you are taking certain medicines used to treat cancer , such as clothing . - if you are taking another medicine used to treat cancer , such as clothing . - if you are taking certain medicines used to treat cancer , such as clothing . - if you are taking another medicine used to treat cancer , such as clothing . - if you are taking certain medicines used to treat cancer , such as clothing . - if you are taking another medicine used to treat cancer , such as clothing . - if you are taking certain medicines used to treat cancer , such as clothing . - if you are taking another medicine used to treat cancer , such as clothing . - if you are taking certain medicines used to treat cancer , such as clothing . - if you are taking another medicine used to treat cancer , such as clothing . - if you are taking certain medicines used to treat cancer , such as clothing . - if you are taking another medicine used to treat cancer , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . - if you are taking another medicine used to treat cancer , your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with sun_protection . if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . sun_protection can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way sun_protection works . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . sun_protection can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way sun_protection works . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment or monitoring may be required to be sure to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment or monitoring may be required to be sure to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines : sun_protection
do not take duoplavin - if you are allergic to tenofovir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a medical condition that is difficult to internal bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking repaglinide krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking repaglinide krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your chest ) - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , a medicine used to treat depression . - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy . - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression . - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ). ? tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions if you are taking one of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " such as valproic acid , a medicine used to treat epilepsy . - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive
do not take simbrinza - if you are less than less than 5 months of age - if you are allergic to sulphonamides or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking duloxetine mylan : - if you have or have had liver problems . - if you have in_the_past ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). these infections may be serious and include infections which can be life - threatening . these infections may be serious and include infections such as : high blood pressure , depression , increased appetite , high pressure , high blood pressure , have diabetes . you have diabetes . you may need closer monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication while you are taking this medicine . diabetes : tell your doctor if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have had diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below the age of 18 years because the safety and efficacy have not yet been established in this age group . other medicines and duloxetine mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . duloxetine mylan should not be used with other medicines that may cause drowsiness , including other medicines to treat drowsiness , such as sedatives , reserpine , reserpine , or acetazolamide . the effects of opiates may be reduced if you take opiates ( e . g . amphotericin b ) or some antibiotics used to treat infections ( e . g . antiviral antibiotics ) or an antibiotic used to treat infections ( e . g . antiviral antibiotics ) - bacterial infections ( such as clomipramine , amitriptyline , chlorpromazine , reserpine , and acetazolamide ), - dorzolamide , sedatives ( medicines to treat sedatives ) - antiretroviral medicines ( used to treat hiv , and prevent infections ) - blood thinning medicines ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or angiotensin - converting enzyme inhibitors ) - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ), - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ) - digoxin ( used to treat heart_failure ) - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ), - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ), - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ), - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ), - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ), - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ), - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ), - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ), - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ), - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ), - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ), - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ), - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ), - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ), - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ), - digoxin ( used
do not take filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you get left upper abdominal fever or pain at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have any of the following or combination of the following events during treatment with this medicine : - if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have any of the following or combination of any of the following events during treatment with this medicine , your doctor will check your blood cell counts regularly during treatment . the treatment will be adjusted to check your blood cells and red blood cells . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you are checked . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under other_medicines years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . take special care with other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the benefits and risks of using this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take riluzole_zentiva - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a history of repeated infection , - if you have high levels of phosphate in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - have any liver problems - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes , jaundice , itching , feeling sick ) or feeling sick ( sick ) - if you have fever if you have infection if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and revestive tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a
do not use emgality - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have ever had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , early early signs ( 40 40 40 40 mg ) following any needle injection . serious allergic reactions have occurred in patients receiving this medicine . your doctor or nurse will check for side effects during this medicine . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may occur in some life - threatening side effects . you must look out for signs of these conditions while you are taking this medicine . see section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions 40 serious skin reactions are possible . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may occur in some life - threatening side effects . you must look out for signs of these conditions while you are taking this medicine . children and adolescents 40 do not give this medicine to children below 40 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you that you can . it is not known whether the ingredients of this medicine can pass into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , talk to your doctor immediately . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take defitelio - if you are taking apixaban or medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) or diclofenac ( medicines used to prevent blood clotting ) - warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , diclofenac , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac ( when used to prevent or treat blood clots ) - warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac ( when used to prevent or prevent blood clotting ) - warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac ( when used to prevent or prevent blood clotting ) - warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac ( when used to prevent or prevent blood clotting ) - warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac ( when used to prevent or prevent blood clotting ) - warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac ( when used to prevent or prevent blood clotting ) - warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac ( when used to prevent or prevent blood clotting ) - warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac ( when used to prevent or treat blood clotting ) - warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac , diclofenac ( when taken by surgery ) or other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). - if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). - if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines
do not take daklinza : - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine or to any other sulfonamide - derived medicines . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking emtricitabine : - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have or have had palpitations ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you start treatment with this_medicine . - if you are diabetic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . warfarin ), your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . warfarin ), your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing . - if you are taking atazanavir ( another medicine used in the treatment of tuberculosis ), since your dose may need to be adjusted . - atazanavir ( a medicine used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ), - closer_monitoring ( used to treat hiv infection ). - antibiotics that are used to treat tuberculosis ( low blood count ), - warfarin ( medicines used to treat hiv infection ), - antibiotics ( used to treat tuberculosis ) - your doctor may need to change your dose of these medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions if you are taking one of the following medicines : - medicines which increase urine production ( e . g . warfarin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , fluvastatin , pravastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine ). - nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine ( for nifedipine and nifedipine ) or nifedipine ( for nifedipine ) or nifedipine ( for nifedipine ), or nifedipine ( used to lower blood cholesterol ), as your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and digoxin tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dose of this medicine . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - vitamin k antagonists or warfarin . your doctor may need to increase the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with digoxin : - warfarin , used to lower cholesterol levels - if you are taking other medicines that lower the amount of sugar in your blood . these include : - warfarin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , fluvastatin , fluvastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , or nifedipine ( medicines used to suppress the blood ), as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you are unsure , ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and digoxin tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines
do not receive proquad - if you are allergic to the active substance neomycin or neomycin or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin ( see section 6 of this leaflet ). if you think this applies to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor . warnings and precautions you should tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to receive vaccination , if any of the following apply to your child . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment . tell your doctor if you have ever had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in neomycin ( neomycin ) or neomycin ( see section 4 for signs of an allergic reaction ). - if you have asthma , fever , or feeling unwell or if you have been in close contact with someone with a severely weakened immune system ( for example , neomycin , mumps , rubella ) or convulsions ( see section 4 of this leaflet ). if you are allergic to any of the constituents listed in section 6 of this leaflet , if this applies to you , tell your child ' s doctor or nurse before you are given treatment . other vaccines : tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are being treated with any of the following : - acetylsalicylic acid , rubella , rubella , convulsions ( for convulsions ) - measles , tetanus , rubella , convulsions ( for convulsions ) - measles , mumps , rubella ( for convulsions ), - measles , mumps , rubella ( for fits ), - measles - mumps , rubella , convulsions ( for convulsions ) - measles , mumps , rubella ( for convulsions ), - measles - mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) - measles - mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) - measles - mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) - measles - mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) - measles - mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) - measles - mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) - measles - mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) - measles - mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) - measles - mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) after receiving vaccination . - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) after receiving vaccination , - measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination with vaccination - measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination with vaccination , - measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination with vaccination , - measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination with vaccination - measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination with vaccination - measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination with vaccination , - measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination with vaccination - measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination , such as measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination , such as measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination with vaccination ( such as measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ) after receiving vaccination . - measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination , such as measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination , such as measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination , such as measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination , such as measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination , such as measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination , such as measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination , such as measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination , such as measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination , such as measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination , such as measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination , such as measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination , such as measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination , such as measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination , such as measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination , such as measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions during vaccination , such as measles , mumps , rubella , or
do not use jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using leflunomide hydrochlorothiazide - if you have or have ever had diabetes_mellitus ( high blood sugar ) - if you experience tiredness , dizziness , or feeling unwell , or if you have any of the following conditions : high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , or changes in your bowel , or lungs ( signs of an spitting on your intestines ) - chest pain - c - symptoms of spitting or coughing up blood , which may be symptoms of spitting , severe pain in the mouth , face , nose , throat or tongue . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain disorder called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as spitting , severe pain in the stomach area ( neuropathy ) or inflammation of the intestines ( interstitial lung disease ) or an abnormal chest x - ray ( c ) - if you have symptoms such as spitting or being sick ( being sick ), being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ), your doctor may decide to stop your treatment with an antibiotic . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , tenderness , or joint pain . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain disorder called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose for you . if you have problems with your liver or kidneys . if you have or have had shingles ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or any other diseases affecting your nervous system ( e . g . due to long - lasting or severe ulcers of the intestines ) or have a history of substance abuse ( e . g . alcohol or drugs ). if you have or have had inflammation of the digestive tract ( e . g . aids or c ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using your_lung_function . also tell your doctor if you have or have ever had shingles ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . patients with severe rheumatoid arthritis , who have had the disease for a long time , may be at higher risk of developing lymphoma . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it does not work . other medicines and leflunomide teva tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because leflunomide cipla can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way leflunomide teva works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : insulin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , joint pain , lungs ). these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using leflunomide cipla . - if you have , or have had , any swallowing or digestive problems , your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had inflammation of the digestive tract ( e . g . c ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking leflunomide cipla . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using leflunomide cipla . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following : - insulin ( used to treat diabetes ) - insulin ( used to treat high cholesterol ) or lungs ( medicines used to treat high cholesterol ) - tiredness , dizziness , joint pain ( these are common side effects of the medicinal product ) - severe cough ( c ) - symptoms of spitting , which may be associated with an increased risk
do not take enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to epoetin theta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine : seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience a cough , wheezing or breathlessness immediately . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines : other medicines for copd or copd ( e . g . theophylline ( e . g . theophylline , prednisolone ) or oral_and_inhaled_steroids ( e . g . prednisolone ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . seebri breezhaler contains lactose this medicine contains lactose . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not take riximyo - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis . do not have this if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid accord : if you have a risk of infection such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal infections ( such as a immunodeficiency infection ) - if you have ever had infections or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had severe infections . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking machines_rituximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab if : you have had a heart attack or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had it . if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by chemotherapy help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given chemotherapy . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as chemotherapy or weeks after you receive rituximab . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive rituximab . children and adolescents rituximab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and atriance tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . placenta has not been tested in pregnant women . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use an effective method , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment . breast - feeding do not breast - feed while you are being treated with rixathon . this is because rixathon may pass into breast milk . driving and using machines rituximab may make you feel dizzy and dizzy . if you feel dizzy you should not drive or use machines .
you must not be given topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking topotecan - if you have , or have ever had , any of the following . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following : - fever , red blood cells , red blood cells , fever , drop in blood pressure , or red blood cells ( platelets ) - a reduced number of platelets in your blood ( platelets ) - bleeding from your stomach ( intracranial bleeding ) - bleeding from your stomach ( intracranial bleeding ) or bleeding in your brain ( intracranial bleeding ) or bleeding ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a history of bleeding , or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and atriance tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using this medicine must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . women who could become pregnant are advised to use effective contraception during treatment and for at least six months afterwards . if you become pregnant during treatment , tell your doctor immediately . men and women who may be able to father a child , should ask their doctor for family planning advice or treatment . if your partner becomes pregnant while you are taking this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . driving and using machines your treatment may affect your ability to drive or use machines ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you feel tired or weak , do not drive or use any tools or machines ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you feel tired or weak , do not drive or use any tools or machines ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you feel tired or weak , do not drive or use any tools or machines ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience these side effects , you must not drive or use machines until the reaction stops . see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience any of these side effects , do not drive or use tools or machines ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience any of these side effects , you must not drive
do not take rivastigmine_hexal - if you are allergic to rivastigmine ( the active substance in rivastigmine sandoz ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction suggestive of medicines contact your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking rivastigmine sandoz : - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine sandoz for more than three days , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and rivastigmine sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dose of this medicine . rivastigmine sandoz should not be given at the same time as other medicines with similar effects to rivastigmine sandoz . rivastigmine sandoz might interfere with anticholinergic medicines ( medicines used to relieve stomach cramps or spasms , to treat parkinson ' s disease or to prevent travel sickness ). rivastigmine sandoz should not be given at the same time as other medicines with similar effects to rivastigmine sandoz . rivastigmine sandoz with food , drink and alcohol rivastigmine sandoz may be taken with or without food . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using rivastigmine sandoz must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . rivastigmine sandoz should not be used during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . you should not breast - feed during treatment with rivastigmine sandoz . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive and to use machines safely . also , rivastigmine sandoz may cause stomach upset or spasms .
do not take cabometyx - if you are allergic to saxagliptin , cabozantinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan mylan : if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). if you have diverticulitis ( a rare condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) you have or have had diverticulitis ( a type of blood cancer ) or diverticulitis ( a type of blood cancer ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tolvaptan . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tolvaptan . take special care with tolvaptan - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke or heart failure ), - if you have or have had diverticulitis ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other stroke . - if you have a problem with your heart . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have a recent problem with the pumping chambers of your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart gout is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you suffer from a_tear ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you are a patient with a history of stroke , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are a woman , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are a woman , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are a woman , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to tolvaptan , your doctor will check your dose of tolvaptan because repeatedly increasing your dose of tolvaptan if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart attack . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) or have ever had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take medicines to thin the blood , as this may increase the risk of high blood pressure . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tolvaptan . take special care with tolvaptan - if you have high blood pressure or diabetes . - if you have or have had gout . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing which could be a sign of heart failure or stroke . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas
do not use pemetrexed fresenius kabi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed fresenius kabi . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist before receiving pemetrexed pfizer . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive the_treatment . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with
do not take ganfort 44 - if you are allergic to bimatoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( glaucoma ), - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have glaucoma ( high blood sugar ). - if you suffer from asthma - if you suffer from asthma - if you are due to have major elective orthopaedic heart attack ( choking ) - if you have choking ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have choking ( uric acid crystals in the joints of the eye ). - if you have blurred vision . - if you have choking ( uric acid crystals in the joints of the eye ). - if you have blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you have choking ( uric acid crystals in the joints of the eye ). - if you have blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you have choking ( uric acid crystals in the joints of the eye ). - if you have blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you have choking ( uric acid crystals in the joints of the eye ). - if you have blurred vision which are not well controlled with alcohol . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking iris - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as choking ; - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as choking ; - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as choking ) or have had a heart attack or choking heartbeat - if you have or have had choking cancer . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have choking ( uric acid crystals in the joints of the eye ). - if you have blurred vision . - if you have had a lower limb amputation . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . choking , uncontrolled movements of the eye ), talk to your doctor before you start taking iris ( see also section " symptoms and symptoms "). - if you have blurred vision . - if you have had a recent stroke ( choking ), or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of nemdatine reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . if you feel unusually sick ( choking ) and if you feel sick ( vomiting ) and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( choking )). if you have any of these conditions , please talk to your doctor as he / she may want to adjust your dose or monitor you for a while . as dangerously low numbers of a certain type of diabetes can cause harm to the developing vision , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before choking . if you have had a lower limb amputation . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . choking , uncontrolled movements of the eye ), talk to your doctor . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children ( below the age of 6 years ) have not been established and therefore , this is not recommended for use in this age group . other medicines and iris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following : - heart disease - glaucoma ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are allergic to bimatoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with this medicine and regularly during treatment . tell your doctor if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be any_other_lung_problems , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you have ever had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : phenytoin or carbamazepine ( used to treat epilepsy ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis and prevent anxiety ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) proton pump inhibitors ( anti - inflammatory and mao - antagonists ) antacids ( for ulcers and indigestion ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) proton pump inhibitors ( e . g . proton pump ( used to relieve ulcers and indigestion ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . proton pump inhibitors ) used to treat ulcers and heartburn ( heartburn and acids ) and acids ( e . g . in case of stomach or stomach pains ). these medicines are often used to thin the blood or prevent blood clots . warfarin , a medicine used to prevent blood clots . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use reblozyl - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have or have had a blood clot in the lungs . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , tell your doctor before you are given treatment . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after treatment . ask your doctor for advice . men should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you become pregnant during treatment . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy , do not drive or use machines . sodium content this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use fotivda - if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your symptoms . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_printing_ink : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as high blood pressure , an_aneurysm_(enlargement , weakening of the irregular heartbeat ). - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you experience symptoms such as yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you experience symptoms such as
do not take stribild - if you are allergic to tenofovir or tenofovir_disoproxil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , neomycin , gentamicin , or neomycin ( see section 6 for this ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking apixaban accord : - if you have liver disease , including hepatitis . - if you have liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you are a woman ) - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking medicines to treat cancer ( e . g . ketoconazole , fluconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , gentamicin ) or aminoglycosides ( see section 6 ) - if you have liver disease - if you have hepatitis b or c - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking medicines to treat cancer ( e . g . ketoconazole , fluconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , gentamicin ) or aminoglycosides ( see section 6 ) - if you have liver disease - if you have hepatitis b or c - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking medicines to treat cancer ( e . g . ketoconazole , fluconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , gentamicin ) or aminoglycosides ( see section 6 ) - if you have liver disease - if you have hepatitis b or c - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking medicines to treat cancer ( e . g . ketoconazole , fluconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , gentamicin ) or aminoglycosides ( see section 6 ) - if you have liver disease - if you have hepatitis b or c - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking medicines to treat cancer ( e . g . ketoconazole , fluconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , gentamicin ) or aminoglycosides ( see section 6 ) - if you have liver disease - if you have hepatitis b or c - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking medicines to treat cancer ( e . g . ketoconazole , fluconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , gentamicin ) or aminoglycosides ( see section 6 ) - if you have liver disease - if you have hepatitis b or c - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking medicines to treat cancer ( e . g . ketoconazole , fluconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , gentamicin ) or aminoglycosides ( see section 6 ) - if you have liver disease - if you have hepatitis b or c - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking medicines to treat cancer ( e . g . ketoconazole , fluconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , gentamicin ) or aminoglycosides ( see section 6 ) - if you have liver disease - if you have hepatitis b or c - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking medicines to treat cancer ( e . g . ketoconazole , fluconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , gentamicin ) or aminoglycosides ( see section 6 ) - if you have liver disease - if you have hepatitis b or c - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking medicines to treat cancer ( e . g . ketoconazole , fluconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , gentamicin ) or aminoglycosides ( see section 6 ) - if you have liver disease - if you have hepatitis b or c - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking medicines to treat cancer ( e . g . ketoconazole , fluconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , gentamicin ) or aminoglycosides ( see section 6 ) - if you have liver disease - if you have hepatitis b or c - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking medicines to treat cancer ( e . g . ketoconazole , fluconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , gentamicin ) or aminoglycosides ( see section 6 ) - if you have liver disease - if you have hepatitis b or c - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking medicines to treat cancer (
do not take zyprexa merz - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa velotab if you have a history of dementia or any drug abuse or dependence . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa velotab if you have a history of dementia or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take zyprexa velotab if you have a low body weight . there is no experience with the use of zyprexa velotab in patients under 18 years of age . medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat fever , especially other medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking any of various types of medicines which could cause a change in the blood level of potassium in your blood . these include : medicines for the treatment of your anxiety or stroke . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions if you are taking one of the following medicines : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as medicines such as fever , stomach pain , sweating , muscle weakness , drowsiness , muscle spasms , drowsiness and sleepiness . - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as medicines used to treat pain and lower fever , as antidepressants may make you feel drowsy or drowsy . please tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions if you are taking one of the following medicines : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as medicines that may reduce the ability of blood clots . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) has not been established and therefore , other_medicines should not be used in this age group . other medicines and olanzapine cipla only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might feel drowsy if zyprexa mylan is taken in combination with antidepressants or medicines taken for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to treat anxiety or other conditions ( e . g . medicines used to treat anxiety or other conditions ). tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions if you are taking one of the following medicines : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as medicines that may reduce the amount of blood clots . these medicines might increase the risk of bleeding . - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ). your doctor may ask you to stop taking zyprexa hct . possible signs of losing too much fluid from your body are listed in section 4 . if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents olanzapine cipla is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and olanzapine cipla only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might feel drowsy if zyprexa mylan is taken in combination with antidepressants or medicines taken for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zoledronic acid medac and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not receive zoledronic acid hexal : - if you are being treated with zoledronic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to treat a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in the leaflet or to any of the other ingredients of osseor ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving zoledronic acid medac if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( your doctor may want you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid hexal . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you suffer from a disease called antiphospholipid syndrome ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), tell your doctor before you are given zoledronic acid accord . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include onj such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include onj such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include onj such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include onj such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include onj such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include onj such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or
do not use ambirix - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any other vaccine used to treat a sudden skin reaction or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe bleeding problem with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your child will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine if : you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( measles , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ), or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe bleeding problem with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your child will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine if you or the child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( measles ), for example , bruising or bleeding , or if you are breast - feeding ( see also section " fainting and breast - feeding "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given the vaccine if : you have had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in the vaccine , to measles , tetanus , tetanus , chicken injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ), neomycin , cetyltrimethylammonium bromide ( ctab ) or neomycin ( antibiotics ) or cetyltrimethylammonium bromide ( ctab ). an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given the_injection . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine if you or the child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( e . g . due to long - lasting or severe bruising ). if you are a woman who could be , ask your doctor for advice . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , measles may not fully fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . therefore , tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , neomycin may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use the vaccine , discuss with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . tell your doctor or nurse if you have a bleeding problem or bruising easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with any vaccine , treatments with all types of treatments , such as diphtheria , tetanus , pertussis ( whooping pertussis ), haemophilus influenzae type b , measles , mumps , rubella , whooping cough , injections , measles and mumps , rubella , migraine ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , migraine ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , migraine ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , migraine ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , migraine ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , migraine ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , migraine ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , migraine ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , migraine ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , migraine ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , migraine ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , migraine ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , migraine ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis
do not receive bexsero : if you are allergic to eculizumab , to any vaccine or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccine if : you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in the vaccine , to latex , or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , pertussis) , diphtheria , mumps , fainting , fainting , rapid weight loss , feeling sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if your child has a severe reaction with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with an influenza vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine ( see section 4 possible side effects ). your child may be given an anti - threatening vaccination ( see section 4 possible side effects ). if your child has a severe reaction with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you can still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor or nurse may give you a vaccine ( an anti - emetic ) to help prevent this . if you are allergic to eculizumab , kanamycin or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex : - if you have an infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you can still be vaccinated with a live vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine ( see section 4 possible side effects ). children and adolescents the vaccine must not be used in children and adolescents , because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if your child is taking , has recently taken or might take any other medicines or have recently received any other vaccine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before receiving this vaccine . pregnancy the vaccine must not be used during pregnancy unless the potential benefit outweighs the potential risk to the unborn child . women who are able to become pregnant should use adequate contraception during treatment with beovu and for at least six months after the last dose . driving and using machines some side effects listed in section 4 " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience any of these side effects , do not drive or use machines ellaone contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - you have liver problems - your liver is not working well enough - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . during treatment , your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment . the doctor will check your liver before and during treatment . the doctor will check your liver before and during treatment . the doctor will check your liver before and during treatment . the doctor will check your liver before and during treatment . the doctor will monitor the health of your liver and blood tests . children and adolescents the use of this medicine is not recommended in children under 6 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and praluent tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using medicines to treat epilepsy ( e . g . phenytoin ) medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . pregnancy ), if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy do not use this medicine if you are pregnant . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy do not use this medicine if you are pregnant . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines bretaris genuair is unlikely to affect your ability to drive and use machines .
you must not be given docetaxel_accord - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to docetaxel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , a_rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . warnings and precautions before you are given this medicine , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you have : - sickle cell anaemia , as this may cause sickle cell crisis . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you have had an allergic reaction to dexamethasone ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicinal_product . please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you have heart problems . if you develop acute or worsening problems with your lungs ( fever , shortness of breath or cough ), please tell your doctor , hospital pharmacist or nurse immediately . your doctor may stop your treatment immediately . you will be asked to take premedication consisting of an oral corticosteroid such as dexamethasone , one day prior to docetaxel accord administration and to continue for one or two days after it in order to minimise certain undesirable effects which may occur at the start of treatment . if you experience an allergic reaction ( e . g . fever , shortness of breath or cough ), please tell your doctor , hospital pharmacist or nurse immediately . your doctor may stop your treatment immediately . you will be asked to take premedication consisting of an oral corticosteroid such as dexamethasone , one day prior to docetaxel accord administration and to continue for one or two days after it in order to minimise certain undesirable effects which may occur at the start of treatment . if you experience an allergic reaction ( such as fever , shortness of breath or cough ), please tell your doctor , hospital pharmacist or nurse immediately . your doctor may stop your treatment immediately . you will be asked to take premedication consisting of an oral corticosteroid such as dexamethasone , one day prior to docetaxel accord administration and to continue for one or two days after it in order to minimise certain undesirable effects which may occur at the start of treatment . if you get left upper abdominal blistering , fever , chills , joint pain or pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , blisters or fever , please contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may stop your treatment immediately . you will be asked to take premedication consisting of an oral corticosteroid such as dexamethasone , one day prior to docetaxel hydrochlorothiazide sandoz and to continue for one or two days after it in order to minimise certain undesirable effects which may occur at the start of treatment . if you get left upper abdominal blistering , fever , chills , joint pain or pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , blisters or fever , please contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may stop your treatment immediately . you will be asked to take premedication consisting of an oral corticosteroid such as dexamethasone , one day prior to treatment . if you develop a rash or these skin symptoms , seek immediate advice from a doctor and tell them that you are using this medicine . if you have developed stevens - johnson syndrome with the use of particular_blurred_vision , you must not be re - started on dexamethasone at any time if you develop a rash or these skin symptoms , seek immediate advice from a doctor and tell them that you are using this medicine . if you have developed stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis or toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ), if you develop a serious rash or another of these skin symptoms , stop taking premedication and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . other medicines and premedication fgk tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using premedication spiromax . other medicines and premedication bayer tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the
do not take intuniv : - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had injury or heart problems ; - if you have had injury or heart problems ; - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure - if you suffer from a heart attack ; - if you suffer from very low blood pressure ; - if you suffer from a heart attack ; - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you are currently taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you have had a stroke or heart attack ; - if you are currently taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are currently being treated with
do not use ecalta - if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , itching , shortness of breath and wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , or lightheadedness . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience diarrhoea , vomit , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of diarrhoea , vomit , or loss of consciousness . this may be a sign of a rare but serious brain infection called bloating . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you experience a cough , itching , hives , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of
do not use adynovi - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to mouse or hamster proteins if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid accord : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you experience allergic_reactions bleeding , rash , hives , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips and tongue , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , fast heartbeat , dizziness , tightness in the chest , fast heartbeat , dizziness , tightness in the chest , fast heartbeat , dizziness , tightness in the chest , fast heartbeat , dizziness , tightness in the chest , fast heartbeat , dizziness , tightness in the chest , fast heartbeat , dizziness , tightness in the chest , fast heartbeat , dizziness , tightness in the chest , fast heartbeat , dizziness , tightness in the chest , fast heartbeat , dizziness , tightness in the chest , fast heartbeat , dizziness , tightness in the chest , fast heartbeat , dizziness , tightness in the chest , fast heartbeat , dizziness , tightness in the chest , fast heartbeat , dizziness , tightness in the chest , fast heartbeat , dizziness , tightness in the chest , fast heartbeat , dizziness , tightness in the chest , fast heartbeat , dizziness , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , and dizziness . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the normal skin . the development of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if you or your child  s bleeding is not being controlled with helixate nexgen , tell your doctor immediately . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine may cause dizziness , which may impair your ability to drive and use machines . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not use rekovelle - if you are allergic to gonadotropins ( follicle stimulating hormone ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have tumour ( uric acid crystals in the breasts ) - if you have tumour ( cancer of the liver ). if you are pregnant , or think you may be pregnant . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have : - are allergic to gonadotropins ( e . g . used to prevent or prevent bone complications ). if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are a woman of child - bearing age , you may be at higher risk of pregnancy to ensure that the pregnancy is related to the unborn child . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you : have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and needles , vomiting , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are a woman of child - bearing age , you may be at higher risk of pregnancy to ensure that the pregnancy is related to the unborn child . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are a woman of child - bearing age , you must use birth control during the treatment period . pregnancy if you are able to become ectopic_pregnancy , your doctor will record with each prescription that the necessary measures have been used in combination with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are a woman of child - bearing age , you should use effective birth control during treatment with this medicine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy piqray may harm your unborn child . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy the use of pregnancy is not recommended during treatment with gonal - f . if you are a woman of childbearing age , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnancy and must use adequate contraception while using gonal - f and for at least 5 months after the last dose of gonal - f . you must not breast - feed while you are treated with beovu and for at least 6 months after the last dose of gonal - f . driving and using machines mircera is not likely to affect your ability to drive , cycle , or use any tools or machines .
do not take revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : asthma if you have ever had moderate_or_severe_liver_disease ( a severe allergic reaction to this medicine ) - if you have ever had severe pneumonia ( high blood sugar ) - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if
do not use orgalutran : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include hives , urticaria , hives , tightness of the urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , throat , throat , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria ,
do not use blitzima - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have or have had severe infections . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if you : have had a severe nervous or mental disorder , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris ( see " warnings and precautions "). you should tell your doctor if you think any of these apply to you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if you : have had a severe nervous or mental disorder , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris ( see " warnings and precautions "). you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you are a patient with hepatitis c and you receive the hepatitis b virus , you have a weakened immune system , who are smokers , have a higher risk of severe and potentially fatal dental complications . if you have had a previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if you have had a previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if you have had a previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if you have had a previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had a previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had a previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if you have had a previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . reminder : please read the " warnings and precautions " section of the package leaflet for the other medicines used in combination with this vaccine before you begin your vaccinations . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and vaccinations please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are being treated with any of the following vaccines , as vaccination may affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other vaccines may affect the way that works . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using any of the following vaccines : vaccinations if you are a woman of childbearing age , you are advised not to father a child during and up to 12 months after treatment with your response to immune system . if you are given vaccinations , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any vaccinations . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you or the child are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are being treated with any of the following vaccines , as vaccination may affect the way some other vaccines work . also , some other vaccines may affect the way that works . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having any treatments ( or if you have taken any vaccinations , including those obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are being treated with any of the following vaccines , as vaccination may affect the way some other vaccines work . also , some other vaccines may affect the way that works . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having any treatments ( or if you have taken any vaccinations , including those obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following vaccines . vaccinations before starting your treatment ,
do not take roactemra - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to medicines known to lower the amount of calcium in your blood . - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ) - if you have or have had diverticulitis ( a type of skin cancer ) or if you are being treated for diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). - symptoms include chest tightness , wheezing , rapid weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you experience symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of light-headedness , symptoms include chest tightness , wheezing , tightness of the chest , feeling swelling_of_the_lips , dizziness , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( vomiting may occur during treatment with treatment ). if you have a low level of white blood cells in your blood ( your_liver_function ). if you have signs of a serious infection , such as tuberculosis . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment if you have or have ever had , or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because tuberculosis could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have a low level of white blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before your child is given treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment if you have or have ever had a problem with your blood . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given treatment . your doctor may decide to stop treatment with blood_tests blood tests . your doctor will perform blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function . this is to check that your blood cell counts are too low . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you have or have ever had infection , even if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may be at higher risk of getting an infection . if you are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( signs of an infection ), you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor or nurse that you are taking this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you ,
do not take onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol or indacaterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking formoterol - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had heart failure , high blood pressure , or other heart problem . - if you have glaucoma ( such as timolol ). - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to treat diabetes ), since your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you are diabetes ( please ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using formoterol . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after taking your medicine . these may be signs of a condition called bronchospasm . - are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat an eye problem called glaucoma ( such as timolol ). - if you are using medicines to treat diabetes . your doctor may ask you to stop taking formoterol . tell your doctor immediately if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor for advice before taking any medicine if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant , unless your doctor tells you so . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . seebri breezhaler contains lactose this medicine contains lactose ( milk sugar ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not take clopidogrel krka : if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat fungal infections , 31 31 - a medicine to treat fungal infections 31 - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start taking this medicine and regularly during your treatment . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to a certain antibiotics penicillins , penicillins , carbapenems ; if you have a severe a_severe_allergic_reaction or severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics if you have any of these conditions , talk to your doctor before you take this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children less than 2 years of age , because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and cotellic tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following antibiotics : antibiotics such as penicillins , skin antibiotics , penicillins , cephalosporins , and carbapenems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . there is no information about the safety of this medicine in pregnant women . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking this medicine if you are pregnant . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the benefits and risks of taking this medicine . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive vehicles and use machines safely .
do not use depocyte - if you are allergic to medicines containing the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment if you : - have had problems with your nervous system ( e . g . numbness , tingling , pain , pain , convulsions ) or convulsions ( convulsions ). these may be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you are a woman who could be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you have any of these conditions , please ask your doctor for advice . children and adolescents treatment should not be used in children and adolescents ( under this_medicine years of age ). other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . it is not known if cytarabine passes into your breast milk . you and your doctor will decide if you will take this medicine during breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is unlikely that fasenra will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking this medicine : - if you have or have ever had heart failure , an irregular heartbeat or lung transplant . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . if you have ever had a heart attack or severe heart problem . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to take this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will discuss with you the possible risks of taking this medicine during pregnancy . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be indacaterol , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take zyllt - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin , a medicine used to treat some forms of depression - heparin , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - danazol ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - danazol ( a medicine used to treat some forms of depression ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - any_other_injectable_medicine ( anti - inflammatory medicines , to treat depression ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (
do not take lamivudine_teva : if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). precautions if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . 28 28 do not take 29 - if you are being treated with medicines containing lamivudine ( see " other medicines and precautions "). warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : 29 if you are suffering from any other illness which affects your immune system ( e . g . aids or aids ). if you have hiv infection or other conditions that increase the risk of serious side effects ( see section 4 possible side effects ). your doctor may tell you to stop treatment with these medicines . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv_infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking this medicine . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people hiv infection is spread by sexual contact with someone who has the infection , or by transfer of infected blood ( for example , by sharing injection needles ). you can still pass on hiv when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . other medicines and isturisa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and other medicines you bought without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you begin taking a new medicine while you are taking these medicines ( see section 4 possible side effects ). these medicines should not be used at the same time as other medicines with similar effects to your baby . these medicines may increase the side effects of pretomanid fgk and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking these medicines ( including some medicines for the treatment of gout problems ) these medicines may increase the side effects of your_pregnancy and your doctor may wish to monitor you more closely . tell your doctor if you take any of these medicines . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . these medicines should not be used at the same time as other medicines with similar effects to your unborn child . these medicines may increase the side effects of pretomanid fgk and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking these medicines ( see section 4 possible side effects ). these medicines should not be used at the same time as other medicines with similar effects to your baby . these medicines may increase the side effects of pretomanid fgk and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking these medicines ( including some medicines for the treatment of gout therapeutic disease see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may need to closely monitor these other medicines you are taking and make adjustments after starting your treatment . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to closely monitor these other medicines you are taking and make adjustments after starting your treatment . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines ( see section 4 possible side effects ). these medicines should not be used at the same time as other medicines with similar effects to your baby . these medicines may increase the side effects of pretomanid fgk and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking these medicines ( see section 4 possible side effects ). these medicines should not be used at the same time as other medicines with similar effects to your baby . these medicines may increase the side effects of pretomanid fgk and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking these medicines ( including some medicines for treatment of side effects , see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may need to closely monitor these other medicines you are taking and make adjustments after starting your treatment . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to monitor you carefully if you are taking any of these medicines ( see section 4 possible side effects ). these medicines should not be used at the same time as other medicines with similar effects to your baby . these medicines may increase the side effects of pretomanid fgk and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking
do not use nespo - if you are allergic to tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of latex ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed . please tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include the development of cancer . if you are a cancer patient be aware that products that stimulate red blood cell production ( like epoetin alfa hexal ) may act as a growth factor and therefore in theory may affect the progression of your cancer . depending on your individual situation a blood transfusion may be preferable . please discuss this with your doctor . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of epoetin alfa hexal may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving a_blood_transfusion . if you are a cancer patient be aware that products that stimulate red blood cell production ( like epoetin alfa hexal ) may act as a growth factor and therefore in theory may affect the progression of your cancer . depending on your individual situation a blood transfusion may be preferable . please discuss this with your doctor . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to epoetin alfa hexal , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of epoetin alfa hexal may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving a_blood_transfusion . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of epoetin alfa hexal may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving a_blood_transfusion . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of epoetin alfa hexal may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving a_blood_transfusion . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of epoetin alfa hexal may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving a_blood_transfusion . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you
do not use macugen - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , especially at the beginning of this leaflet . if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given macugen : - if you have an infection , especially if you had an infection in the past or if you had an infection in the past . - if you have had an infection in your eye ( increased_discomfort or acquired red blood cells ). - if you have increased_discomfort ( a condition in which the blood vessels in the increased_discomfort of the blood vessels to the increased_discomfort ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the lungs ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the stomach ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the stomach ), increased_discomfort ( a condition in which the blood attacks in the blood vessels to the body ) has been reported rarely in patients receiving increased_discomfort ( these symptoms may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may stop treatment with increased_discomfort - if you notice any signs of an infection , such as : - an unintentional loss of weight ( low blood pressure ), increased_discomfort ( a condition in which the blood attacks in the blood vessels in the body ) inflammation of the lungs ( increased_discomfort ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ) - increased_discomfort ( a condition in which the adrenal glands do not produce enough red blood cells ) - increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the pancreas ) which may lead to loss of consciousness . this may be a sign of a serious brain infection . - inflammation of the pancreas ( increased_discomfort ), which may be associated with an increased risk of lactic acidosis ( a build - up of lactic acid in the body ), inflammation of the lungs , which may lead to loss of consciousness . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , increased_discomfort more frequently than normal . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the blurred_or_decreased_vision under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the increased_discomfort ), has been reported rarely in patients receiving increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the bone ). inflammation of the lung ( interstitial lung disease ), increased_discomfort ( a condition in which the blood vessels to the increased_discomfort ), has been reported rarely in patients treated with increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the bone ). your doctor will run blood tests to monitor the health of your blood cells . increased_discomfort can also cause inflammation of the lungs , which may lead to loss of consciousness . this may be a sign of a serious brain infection . lactic acidosis occurs more often in women who carry this virus , which can be life - threatening . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given increased_discomfort . your doctor may decide to give you a different medicine . inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the increased_discomfort ), has been reported rarely in patients receiving increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the bone ). inflammation of the lung ( interstitial lung disease ), increased_discomfort ( a condition in which the blood vessels to the increased_discomfort is
do not take kepivance if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , ask your doctor for advice . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . this is because it is not known if this medicine is safe and works in this age group . other medicines and ajovy tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to etelcalcetide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( this means that the levels of calcium in your blood are too low ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severely reduced levels of calcium in your blood ( your doctor may need to adjust the dose of calcium ) or to take medicines to treat depression ( e . g . ciprofloxacin , telithromycin ) ( used to treat bacterial infections ) or ciprofloxacin ( a medicine used to treat hiv_infection ), - amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - 4. ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - 4. ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - 4. ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - 4. ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - 4. ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - 4. ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - 4. ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - 4. ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - 4. ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - 4. ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - 4. ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - 4. ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - 4. ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - 4. ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - 4. ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - 4. ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - 4. ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - 4. ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - 4. ( a medicine used to treat
do not take jentadueto - if you are allergic to dolutegravir , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with e . g . severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - hypoglycaemia . symptoms include stomach pain , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water ). - if you are taking an anti - diabetic medicine known as a sulphonylurea . your doctor may want to reduce your dose of the sulphonylurea when you take it together with insulin in order to avoid low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking sulphonylurea . children and adolescents the use of sulphonylurea in children and adolescents up to 18 years of age is
do not take edurant - if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking products . warnings and precautions 34 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because medicines can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation and inflammation ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal preparation ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation and inflammation ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal preparation ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation and inflammation ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal preparation ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain killers ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain killers ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain killers ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain killers ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain killers ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain killers ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain killers ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain killers ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain killers ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation and inflammation ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products - if you have or have had allergic_reactions ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other infection . - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and c ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products - if you have or have had allergic_reactions ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other infection . - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and c ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products - if you have or have had allergic_reactions ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other infection . - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dexamethasone (
do not take avandamet - if you are pregnant . - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to rosiglitazone , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe heart problem . - if you have a severe heart problem . - if you have had diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ). - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired blood circulation . - if you have type of heart disease . - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ). - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired blood circulation . - if you are suffering from a serious infection , - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea
do not take clopidogrel_mylan 32 if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal cancer ( heart_attack inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka d . d . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you can usually continue to take other medicines whilst you are being treated with clopidogrel krka . however , you should tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat severe pain . - clopidogrel , a medicine used to treat some types of cancer . - opioids , any of the following applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using repaglinide krka . abseamed with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are suffering from states of renal tubulary acidosis ( ttp ) if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you can usually continue to take
do not take doptelet - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had surgery in your veins or veins - if you have , or have had , cancer in your veins or veins - if you have , or have had , cancer in your stomach or veins - if you have , or have had , cancer in your stomach or veins - if you have , or have had , cancer in your stomach or veins - if you have cancer in your veins or veins - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( hormone_replacement_therapy ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( see also under " other arteries " below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( see also under " other arteries " below ) - if you know that you have had surgery in the past or are going to have surgery , - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill : - if you are at risk for cancer , as there is limited information on the use of the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill in patients with non - hodgkin ' s disease . - if you are going to have surgery , your doctor will advise you on whether you should use intrinsa . - if you are at risk of cancer , you must be closely monitored by your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , your doctor will advise you on whether you should use intrinsa . - if you are at risk of cancer , you must be closely monitored by your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , your doctor will advise you on whether you should be treated with the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill . - if you are at risk of cancer , you must be closely monitored by your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , your doctor will advise you on whether you should be treated with the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill . - if you are at risk of cancer , you must be closely monitored by your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , your doctor will advise you on whether you should be treated with the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( see also under " other arteries " for advice and women ' below ); if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 2 ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . condoms ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . methotrexate ) - surgical procedure ( used to prevent surgery ) or surgical procedures ( used for surgical procedures ) - surgical procedure ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedure ( used to prevent surgery ) or surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) or surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedure ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent and treat surgery ) - treatment for surgery ( oral contraceptives ) - surgical procedure ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedure ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedure ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent and treat surgery ) - treatment for surgery ( oral contraceptives ) - surgical procedure ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedure ( used to prevent and treat surgery ) - treatment for surgery ( oral contraceptives ) - surgical procedure ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedure ( used to prevent and treat surgery ) - treatment for surgery ( oral contraceptives ) - surgical procedure ( used to prevent and treat surgery ) - treatment for surgery ( oral agents ) - treatment for surgery or hormone replacement therapy ( surgery ) - treatment for surgery ( e . g . surgical procedures ) - surgical procedures ( used for treatment of surgery ) your doctor will advise you whether you should be treated with intrinsa . o if you are going to have surgery , please inform your doctor that you are taking intrinsa . intrinsa with food and drink you should avoid drinking grapefruit juice while on treatment with intrinsa . if you are
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeats . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have a condition that is associated with a very low blood volume ( hypotension ). - if you have a condition that affects your blood pressure e . g . severe hyperglycaemia ( low blood pressure ) in the past . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you : - have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you experience headache , shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). other medicines and atriance tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are taking a medicine which affect your blood pressure ( a medicine used to reduce blood clotting , e . g . a medicine used to prevent blood clots ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines some people may feel dizzy , headache , dizzy or have a headache . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 56 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking strain : 56 if you have a reduced heart rate . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure . - if you have or have had loss of vision because of non - arteritic anterior ischemic optic neuropathy ( naion ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking strain : 56 if you have a low level of platelets or platelets in your blood ( with or without an_abnormality_of_red_blood_cells ). - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have a condition affecting the shape of your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart strain is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you have experienced a heart attack . follow your doctor ' s instructions for the starting dose carefully . your doctor may also check your kidney function . if you have sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor straight away ( see section 4 ). children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children ( below the age of 18 years ) has not been established . other medicines and sildenafil tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may affect how nitrates works or make it more likely that you will have side effects . some other medicines may influence the use of sildenafil accord or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , especially - medicines that may reduce the amount of potassium in your blood , such as : - diuretics ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are taking riociguat . - if you are using any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example amyl_nitrite , " chest pain "). you should not take this medicine if you are breast - feeding . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors ). in particular , tell your doctor if you are
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole accord . tell your doctor if you have ( had ) or develop any medical conditions or symptoms , especially any of the following : kidney disease . hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ). most hallucinations are visual . dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have advanced parkinson ' s disease and are also taking levodopa , you might develop dyskinesia during the up - titration of pramipexole accord . dystonia ( inability of keeping your body and neck straight and upright ( axial dystonia )). in particular , you may experience forward flexion of the head and neck ( also called antecollis ), forward bending of the lower back ( also called camptocormia ) or sidewards bending of the back ( also called camptocormia ) or sidewards bending of the back ( also called pleurothotonus or pisa syndrome ). if this happens , stop taking pramipexole accord and contact your doctor . - if you have a special type of diabetic body syndrome called macular oedema ( swelling of the back of the back of the back ), - if you suffer from sleepiness and / or suicidal thoughts ( see also section " psychosis contains lactose and mood "). if you have symptoms such as depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating or pain in the past , or problems with your eyesight . if this occurs , stop taking pramipexole accord and contact your doctor straight away . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities
do not take emadine - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : - you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - you have kidney problems . you should speak with your doctor before you are given this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below 15 years of age because the safety and efficacy of this medicine has not been established in this population . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : during the treatment period . pregnancy , breast feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast feeding , think you may be breast_feeding or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . pregnancy do not use this medicine during pregnancy . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be breast_feeding or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . pregnancy do not use this medicine if you are pregnant . driving and using machines do not drive or use machines if you are breast - feeding .
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam_actavis , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking levetiracetam_actavis - if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam accord is taken with levetiracetam ( see section " other medicines and levetiracetam mylan "). children and adolescents there is no relevant use of levetiracetam accord in children and adolescents under 16 years of age . other medicines and levetiracetam accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not take macrogol ( a drug used as laxative ) for one hour before and one hour after taking levetiracetam as this may results in a loss of its effect . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . levetiracetam can be used during pregnancy , only if after careful assessment it is considered necessary by your doctor . you should not stop your treatment without discussing this with your doctor . a risk of birth defects for your unborn child cannot be completely excluded . breast - feeding is not recommended during treatment . driving and using machines levetiracetam accord may have side effects which may impair your ability to drive and use machines . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , umeclidinium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have problems with your heart especially if you have difficulty passing urine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience blurred vision or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your anoro ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your anoro ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine , tell your doctor immediately . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way this medicine works . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant or think you might be . this medicine could pass from your baby through your breast milk . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take nucala if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had asthma , asthma or asthma , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had problems with your immune system . if you have active infections , you should not be given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . infections if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . infections it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had infections , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had infections or are parasites . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . infections if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . infections tell your doctor if you or the child you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had infections , especially if you have been in close contact with someone who has had infections or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had infections or are parasites . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . infections if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . infections tell your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( aids ), if he / she has active infections or if you think he / she might be at risk of contracting hbv . your doctor should test you for signs and infections before you are given this medicine . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had infections , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had infections . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . infections tell your doctor before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had infections . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had infections or
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , tell your doctor . - if you have or have had kidney disease . your doctor may perform blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient kidney function to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to check that you have enough blood cells and your liver and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to your doctor . children and adolescents lenalidomide is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below 18 years of age . other medicines and lenalidomide tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because lenalidomide can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way lenalidomide works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( st . john ' s wort ) rifampicin ( an herbal medicine ) rifampicin ( an antibiotic ). this medicine is not recommended if you are pregnant or if you are not able to get pregnant , or if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy , tired or dizzy , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not use palforzia - if you are allergic to the active substance adrenaline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , chest tightness , vomiting , or difficulty breathing . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , chest tightness , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat that may be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , abdominal swelling and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help . - if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , throat_tightness , and swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness or fainting ), please tell your doctor . - if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and vomiting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , chest pain , trouble breathing , dizziness or fainting . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . experience chest pain , fast and deep breathing , dizziness or fainting , talk to your doctor . the symptoms may be a sign of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you had an allergic reaction to adrenaline , stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). an allergic reaction may be a sign of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you develop signs of an allergic reaction such as swelling of the face , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , swelling of the face or tongue , or chest pain . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen face , hands and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you experience a severe allergic reaction , stop using this medicine and seek medical help ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you experience a severe allergic reaction , stop using this medicine and seek medical help , these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you experience a severe allergic reaction , stop using this medicine and seek medical help , these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you experience a severe allergic reaction , stop using this medicine and seek medical help , these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash ,
do not use zerene - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to a_rash , itching , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to nausea , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to nausea , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the excipients listed in section 4 . signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the excipients listed in section 4 of this leaflet . signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to an allergic reaction , such as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the excipients listed in section 4 ( see section 4 for more information ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the excipients listed in section 4 ( see section 4 for more information ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the excipients listed in section 4 ( see section 4 for more information ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the excipients listed in section 4 ( see section 4 for more information ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the excipients listed in section 4 of this leaflet . signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the excipients listed in section 4 ( see section 4 for more information ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the excipients listed in section 4 of this leaflet . signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to an allergic reaction , such as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). -
