do not take incivo - if you are allergic to peginterferon_alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). 56 - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders . - if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a heart condition treated in hospital ); - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you are taking pimozide , nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil ( for dampening down dexamethasone ) or dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to treat some infections ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections caused by infections ) - if you are taking a diuretic ( e . g . simvastatin , quetiapine , quetiapine ) - if you are taking rosuvastatin or simvastatin ( used to lower cholesterol ) - if you have had a heart attack or heart attack - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zoledronic acid teva and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given zinbryta if : you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ), or to any of the other ingredients of treatment listed in section 6 . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccines : if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine . - if you have ever had tb or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tb . your doctor will test you to have a blood test before you start treatment with this medicine . this is so that your doctor can tell you if this is the case , based on the results of your liver . your doctor may also want you to take a blood test to check your liver function . this check may be repeated at intervals . some patients with long - standing type depression and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with an antidepressant if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given supplements . other medicines and supplements tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or nurse if you are using any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system . these include : some medicines may increase the effects of the following medicines and their dose may need to be adjusted by your doctor : − medicines for depression or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are using any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system . these include : some medicines used to treat depression or to treat infection ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ). some medicines can increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines together with exalief , you should see your doctor . medicines that increase the level of potassium in your blood . these include : some medicines to treat depression or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the medicines listed below , as non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( nsaids ) or medicines which affect the production of blood cells . these include : some medicines used to treat depression or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : any medicines that may be bought without a prescription , such as st . john ' s wort , other medicines used to treat depression . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : any medicines that may be bought without a prescription , such as st . john ' s wort , other medicines used to treat depression . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : any medicines that may be bought without a prescription , such as st . john ' s wort , other medicines used to treat depression . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : any medicines that may be bought without a prescription , such as st . john ' s wort , other medicines used to treat depression . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : any medicines that may be bought without a prescription , such as st . john ' s wort , other medicines used to treat depression . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : any medicines that may be bought without a prescription , such as st . john ' s wort , other medicines used to treat depression . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : any medicines that may be bought without a prescription , such as st . john ' s wort , other medicines used to treat depression . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : any medicines that may be bought without a prescription , such as st . john ' s wort , other medicines used to treat depression . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you
do not take wilzin - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine , penicillamine , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide accord : - if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in iron , e . g . iron , zinc , zinc or zinc which are used to treat allergic_reactions headache . - if you have ever had problems with your kidneys or kidneys . - are taking or have taken within the last few days , another medicine known as injection ( e . g . zinc , zinc , zinc or zinc ), if you have experienced allergic_reactions or end to bed ( see " do not take " do not take " section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have ever had problems with your kidneys or kidneys . - if you have ever had any allergic reaction to other iron preparations ( iron , zinc , zinc , zinc ) or allergic_reactions ( antibiotics ), please read the " do not take " section of " driving and precautions " and " driving and using machines " and " driving and using machines " and " driving and using machines " and " driving and using machines " do not give this medicine to children or adolescents . - if you are taking , or have taken within the last few days , another medicine known as injection ( e . g . zinc , zinc , zinc or zinc ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord : - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been told that you have ever had problems with your kidneys ( such as iron , zinc , zinc or zinc ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord : - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been told by your doctor that you have ever had a heart attack , or if you smoke , have high levels of iron in your blood . - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , iron , zinc , zinc or zinc if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide accord . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide accord . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide accord . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide accord . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide accord . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using flebogamma dif : - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been told that you have been told by your doctor that you have ever had a heart attack , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide accord . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given arsenic trioxide accord . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord . take special care with
do not take biktarvy if you are allergic to tenofovir_alafenamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . take special care with tenofovir_alafenamide - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - azithromycin , clarithromycin ( used to treat certain infections ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or iron . your doctor may need to increase the frequency of your blood tests to check how well your liver is working if you : - have ever had hepatitis b or c - if you have hepatitis b infection , - if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking tenofovir_alafenamide and talk to your doctor . - if you have liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking tenofovir_alafenamide and talk to your doctor . - if you have liver problems , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking tenofovir_alafenamide and talk to your doctor . - if you have liver problems , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking tenofovir_alafenamide and talk to your doctor . if you have a low level of iron in your blood ( with or without hepatitis ) any problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best iron for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and tenofovir_alafenamide tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . vitamins or supplements , particularly at the same time should be avoided . check with your doctor if you are already taking any of the following : - rifabutin , clarithromycin or oxcarbazepine ( medicines used to treat epilepsy and prevent epilepsy ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and other conditions ). the effect of these medicines on the amount of iron in your blood may need to be checked if you are taking one of these medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking : - rifabutin , clarithromycin or oxcarbazepine ( medicines used to treat epilepsy and prevent epilepsy ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and other conditions ). the effect of these medicines on the amount of iron in your blood may need to be checked if you are taking one of these medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . taking tenofovir_alafenamide with food and drink you should take enviage together with or without food . however , it is important that you follow the advice given in section 3 . you must wait at least 2 hours before or at least 3 hours after taking rifabutin . it is recommended that you take iron supplements and iron supplements at least 3 hours before or at least 3 hours after taking the last dose of rifabutin . it is important that you see your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if you are taking one of the medicines listed below , as these medicines can increase the amount of iron in your blood . you should also tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you
do not take novonorm if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking deferasirox krka and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox krka - if you have or have had liver problems , - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . gemfibrozil ) or if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently suffered a severe infection or infection with a high blood sugar . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . take special care with deferasirox mylan : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and feeling weak ) have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and feeling weak ) ( see section " driving and using machines "). − if you are over 18 years of age . - if you are over 75 years of age . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan : if you have or have had liver problems . if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and deferasirox mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar , to correct heart rhythm or to treat angina pectoris ). deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a
you should not receive fluad tetra : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ) or to anything else that may be present in very small amounts such as : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or cetyltrimethylammonium bromide ( ctab ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with this vaccine . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with this vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine : if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . other medicines and paracetamol tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments ( such as corticosteroid treatments or chemotherapy for the treatment of cancer ). your doctor will decide if pandemic influenza vaccine h5n1 astrazeneca is suitable for you . if you are given any of the following medicines , as side effects ( listed in section 4 " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you receive this vaccine . driving and using machines side effects listed in section 4 " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take somakit_toc - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have liver or liver problems - if you have liver or liver problems - if you have liver or liver problems - if you have liver or liver problems - if you are on a controlled sodium diet - if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your blood - if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your liver - if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your blood - if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your blood - if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your blood - if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your blood - if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your blood - if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your blood - if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your blood - if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your blood - if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your liver - if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your liver - if your doctor has told you that you have a low level of sodium in your blood . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 18 years of age because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines as they may increase the risk of dehydration . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using any of the following medicines : - medicines that reduce the production of sodium in your blood . these include : - diuretics ( water tablets ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - other medicines which are used to treat dehydration ( e . g . pregnancy ) - breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is considered unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . this medicine contains 28 mg of sodium ( main component of cooking / table salt ) per vial . this is equivalent to 1 . 5 % of the recommended maximum daily dietary intake of sodium for an adult .
do not take afinitor - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have ever had serious kidney problems , - if you have ever had serious kidney problems , - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking imatinib accord - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as multiple sclerosis ), your doctor will decide if you should receive or continue to receive treatment . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you know you suffer , or have suffered , from your disease , or if you have previously had them , please discuss with your doctor . if you are a woman : talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking imatinib accord . if you are a woman : talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking imatinib accord . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking imatinib accord . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking imatinib accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking imatinib accord - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as multiple sclerosis ), your doctor will carefully consider whether treatment is suitable for you . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you know you suffer , or have suffered , from : high blood pressure ; - ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole or antibiotics - are taking other antibiotics that may have an effect on your immune system . - if you have ever had a vaccination during or after surgery . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given phenytoin , because it may increase the risk of having a weak immune system . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use imatinib accord , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you know you suffer , or have suffered , from : high blood pressure ; ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , antibiotics or other medicinal products ( used to treat certain bacterial infections such as tuberculosis ) such as ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole or rifampicin ( see section " other antibiotics and antibiotics "). if you have a history of tuberculosis or have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tb . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment with imatinib accord . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because it could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ketoconazole accord . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking imatinib accord : if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and any_disease ) if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking imatinib accord . - if you have or have
do not use laventair_ellipta 31 - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma , - if you have or have ever had problems with your heart , such as narrowing of the chest , breathing difficulties , - difficulties in breathing - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have difficulty passing urine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma , - if you have or have had problems with your heart . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with rolufta ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get any of the following : - eye pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with rolufta ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get a rash with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , discomfort , frequent urination , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare , but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in blood pressure . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience a combination of pain , wheezing or breathlessness , notify your doctor right away . - if you get left abdominal pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with rolufta ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get any of the following : - eye pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . - if you experience eye pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . - if you experience eye pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you experience eye pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you experience eye pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of a decrease in red blood pressure ( anaemia ). - if you get left upper abdominal pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of a decrease in red blood pressure ( anaemia ). - if you get left upper abdominal pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of a decrease in red blood pressure ( anaemia ). - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of
you should not receive tremfya if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . symptoms of an infection include fever , cough , feeling muscle_aches , warm , red or hot feeling , warm or red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or hot headache . if this happens , contact your doctor who will decide whether you should receive or continue using this medicine . tell your doctor if you have a history of recurrent infections or other conditions that increase the risk of infections . infections / monitoring : tell your doctor if you have or have ever had tuberculosis , as your vaccination may need to be adjusted . tell your doctor if you get symptoms of tuberculosis during vaccination with anoro ellipta . signs include persistent cough , weight loss , feeling red or hot
do not take trepulmix : - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have a disease or condition in an organ of the brain ( brain or lungs ) - if you have a blood disorder or bleeding in the brain . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have or have had a disease of the blood vessels in your brain ( hypotension ). - if you have severe liver disease - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . stomach ulcer , heart attack ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you are having a blood clot in your brain ( hypotension ). - if you have severe liver disease - if you are having a blood clot in your brain ( hypotension ). - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have or have had low blood pressure . - if you have very low blood pressure . - if you have very low blood pressure . - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very high blood pressure ; - if you have very high blood pressure ; - if you have very high blood pressure ; - if you have very high blood pressure ; - if you have very high blood pressure ; - if you have very high blood pressure ; - if you have very high blood pressure ; - if you have very high blood pressure ; - if you have very high blood pressure ; - if you have very high blood pressure ; - if you have very high blood pressure ; - if you have very high blood pressure ; - if you have very high blood pressure ; - if you have
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this occurs , tell your doctor . - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you have an allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin which are used to treat a sudden fall in blood pressure . - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the product if : you have had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin ), or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this occurs , you should inform your doctor . - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin or heparin , you are allergic to any antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin . you are allergic to any antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin or heparin to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this occurs , you should inform your doctor . - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin which are used to treat a sudden fall in blood pressure . - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin . you are allergic to any antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the product if : you have had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ) or heparin ( a type of heparin or heparin ). you are allergic to any antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin or heparin to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this occurs , you should inform your doctor . - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin or heparin to help you sleep or to use heparin or any of the following : - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin which are used to treat a sudden fall in blood pressure . - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin . you are allergic to any antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the product if : you have had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ) or heparin ( a type of heparin ). you are allergic to any antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ), or heparin to help prevent this ( see section " heparin , heparin and heparin "). if you are allergic to any other antibiotics , such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to any other antibiotics , such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin or heparin to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this occurs , you should inform your doctor . - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin which are used to treat or help you sleep . - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin which are
do not use onivyde pegylated liposomal - if you are allergic to lidocaine , prilocaine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using arsenic trioxide mylan - if you have high blood pressure , angina ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have angina ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have angina ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia
do not use opdivo - if you are allergic to ipilimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( such as myocarditis or myocarditis ) - if you have , or have had , myocarditis ( a type of blood melanoma ) or pneumonitis ( myocarditis ). - if you have , or have had , myocarditis ( a type of blood cancer ) or pneumonitis ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , rash , itching and skin rash ). - if you have or have had problems with your blood circulation or pneumonitis - if you have or have had melanoma , itching , itching or a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have any of the following : - symptoms such as inflammation of the face , rash , itching and / or skin rash , rash , itching or skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and itching ( signs of severe allergic reaction , see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of symptoms such as inflammation of the throat , rash , itching or skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and itching ( signs of severe allergic reaction , see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of symptoms such as inflammation of the throat , inflammation of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , skin rash , itching and itching ( signs of severe allergic reaction , see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of symptoms such as inflammation of the throat , inflammation of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , skin rash , itching and itching ( signs of severe allergic reaction , see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of symptoms such as inflammation of the throat , inflammation of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , skin rash , rash , or itching ( signs of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to have a blood test to check if you have diabetes . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may also want you to have one of the following symptoms : fatigue , extreme tiredness , headache , visual peeling , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of
do not take clopidogrel_tad if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to severe_chest_pain or any other injectable medicine used to treat high blood pressure or a fluid retention ) - ticlopidine ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve high blood pressure ) - ticlopidine ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to
do not take tacforius - if you are allergic to dasabuvir or any of the other ingredients of schisandra_sphenanthera ( listed in section 6 ); - if you are currently taking letermovir ( another medicine used to treat certain cancers ) - if you are taking nefazodone ( used to treat depression ), diltiazem and verapamil ( used for high blood pressure or heart problems ) - if you are taking nefazodone ( another medicine used to treat depression ) - diltiazem , verapamil ( used for high blood pressure or heart problems ) - if you have heart failure or hypertension ( diltiazem , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil ) - if you have high blood pressure or heart rhythm problems - if you have hypertension ( high blood pressure ). - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally low . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have difficulty passing urine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , as these could be signs of heart failure - if you have any of the following : - blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . - tell your doctor if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " qt prolongation "). tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , abnormal heart beat , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as capillary multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , as these could be signs of heart failure - if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " qt prolongation "). tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , as these could be signs of heart failure - if you have any of the following : - blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . - tell your doctor if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of your medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , as these could be signs of heart failure - if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " qt prolongation "). tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , as these could be signs of heart failure - if you have any of the following : - blurred
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor opioids e . g ., opioids . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor opioids such as opioids , omeprazole , esomeprazole or heparin . if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . opioids , omeprazole , esomeprazole or heparin ), please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you are having a full venous . if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or ttp ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( blood_clots ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you are at risk of high blood pressure ( for example , if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking repaglinide krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor opioids e . g ., omeprazole , esomeprazole , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and zentiva tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic
do not use yttriga - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to become pregnant . warnings and precautions before treatment with beovu , tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given beovu . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if you are able to become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines odomzo is not likely to affect you being able to drive or use tools or machines .
do not use pemetrexed accord - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed accord ( see section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you are pregnant , breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . men must use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for up to 6 months after the last dose . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines pemetrexed accord may make you feel tired . if you feel tired or tired , do not drive or use machines .
do not use immunogam if you are severely allergic to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of immunoglobulins ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using immunoglobulins . please tell your doctor or nurse if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you or you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include hiv or human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus , and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped safety of the blood and plasma donors to make sure those at risk of carrying infections are excluded , and the testing of each donation and pools of plasma for signs of virus / infections . manufacturers of these products also include steps in the processing of the blood or plasma that can inactivate or remove viruses . despite these measures , when medicines prepared from human blood or plasma are administered , the possibility of passing on infection cannot be totally excluded . this also applies to any unknown or emerging viruses or other types of infections . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c viruses , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken may be of limited value against non - enveloped viruses such as parvovirus b19 . parvovirus b19 infection may be serious for those who are being treated with medicines that prevent the blood from clotting . these include : careful selection of blood and plasma donors to make sure those at risk of carrying infections are excluded , and the testing of each donation and pools of plasma for signs of virus / infections . manufacturers of these products also include steps in the processing of the blood or plasma that can inactivate or remove viruses . despite these measures , when medicines prepared from human blood or plasma are administered , the possibility of passing on infection cannot be totally excluded . this also applies to any unknown or emerging viruses or other types of infections . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c viruses , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken may be of limited value against non - enveloped viruses such as parvovirus b19 . parvovirus b19 infection may be serious for those who are being treated with medicines that prevent the blood from clotting . these include : careful selection of blood and plasma donors to make sure those at risk of carrying infections are excluded , and the testing of each donation and pools of plasma for signs of virus / infections . manufacturers of these products also include steps in the processing of the blood or plasma that can inactivate or remove viruses . despite these measures , when medicines prepared from human blood or plasma are administered , the possibility of passing on infection cannot be totally excluded . this also applies to any unknown or emerging viruses or other types of infections . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c viruses , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken may be of limited value against non - enveloped viruses such as parvovirus b19 . parvovirus b19 infection may be serious for those who are being treated with medicines that prevent the blood from clotting . these include : careful selection of blood and plasma donors to make sure those at risk of carrying infections are excluded , and the testing of each donation and pools of plasma for signs of virus / infections . manufacturers of these products also include steps in the processing of the blood or plasma that can inactivate or remove viruses . despite these measures , when medicines prepared from human blood or plasma are administered , the possibility of passing on infection cannot be totally excluded . this also applies to any unknown or emerging viruses or other types of infections . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c viruses , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken may be of limited value against non - enveloped viruses such as parvovirus b19 . parvovirus b19 infection may be serious for those who are taking medicines that prevent the formation of blood cells . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus
do not use remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver_problems ( low blood sugar ) - if you have ever had serious heart failure or heart failure problems , - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take kineret and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret : if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart copd is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you have ever had a heart attack or if you smoke , have high blood pressure or heart problems . if you have ever had a heart attack or if you smoke , have high blood pressure or heart problems . if you have ever had a heart attack or if you smoke , have high blood pressure or heart problems . if you have ever had a heart attack or if you smoke , have high blood pressure or heart problems . if you have ever had a heart attack or if you smoke , have high blood pressure or heart problems . if you have ever had a heart attack or if you smoke , have ever had a blood clot in the past or are at risk of low blood pressure . if you have ever had a heart attack or if you smoke , have high blood pressure or heart problems . if you have ever had a heart attack or if you smoke , have ever had a blood clot in the past or are at risk of low blood pressure . if you have problems with your liver or liver . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given infliximab . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop therapy with infliximab . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using infliximab if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start therapy with infliximab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start therapy . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start therapy . if you have ever had a heart attack or if you smoke , have high blood pressure or heart problems . if you have ever had a heart attack or if you smoke , have ever had a blood clot in the past or are at risk of low blood pressure . if you have problems with your liver or liver . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given infliximab . other medicines and infliximab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because infliximab can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way infliximab works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - medicines that affect your heart ( such as multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis , multiple infliximab , or copd ). - if you have or ever had a heart problem ( such as a heart attack , or " mini " stroke "). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you are
do not take rasagiline_mylan : - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had serious kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had serious kidney or liver problems , - if you have , or have ever had , any swallowing or digestive illness . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment : - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have ever been diagnosed with a condition whose symptoms include high temperature and muscle stiffness ( also known as neuroleptic malignant syndrome ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if : you have parkinson ' s disease or medicinal products ( see section " other medicines and treatment "). - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - have ever had a pethidine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : medicinal medicines or medicinal products ( see section " other medicines and selective_serotonin-norepinephrine_reuptake_inhibitors "). - are taking medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease and medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets " which increases the amount of urine you produce ) or oral contraceptives ( e . g . mao_inhibitors , pseudoephedrine , rasagiline or pseudoephedrine ), since your dose may need to be adjusted and your dose of mao_inhibitors may need to be adjusted . - alpha - blocker therapy ( e . g . mao_inhibitors , pseudoephedrine , rasagiline , pseudoephedrine ). therefore , you should wait at least 14 days after stopping treatment with mao_inhibitors . you must wait at least 14 days after stopping treatment with mao_inhibitors and for at least 14 days after stopping treatment . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , your doctor may need to adjust your dose of mao_inhibitors or the other medicine for you during treatment with mao_inhibitors . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking mao_inhibitors . mao_inhibitors with food and drink you should inform your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : fluoxetine , fluvoxamine ( a type of medicine used for the treatment of type 14 diabetes ) as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of mao_inhibitors or the other medicine . you should wait at least 14 days after stopping treatment with mao_inhibitors and for at least 14 days after stopping treatment with mao_inhibitors . it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - mao_inhibitors / pethidine ( an antibiotic used to treat a certain type of infections ) - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for infections ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for infections ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for infections ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for infections ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for infections ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for infections ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for infections ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for infections ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) (
do not use hulio - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infections , including active tuberculosis ( high blood pressure ), in your blood . - if your blood cell counts are too low . - if your blood cell counts are too low . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( such as persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . you may get infections more easily while you are being treated with other_medicines . also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by other_conditions help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given other_medicines . also please tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - if you are unsure , contact your doctor . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . you may also need to talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use it , unless instructed by your doctor . if you are a stem cell donor , you must be aware that the side effects may be more intense . tell your doctor if you or your child has a history of recurrent infections or other conditions that increase the risk of infections . hepatitis b virus tell your doctor if you are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( hbv ), if you have active hbv or if you think you might be at risk of contracting hbv . your doctor should test you for hbv . before you receive this vaccine , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of hbv before starting hbv . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had tuberculosis . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using
do not take yellox : if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to clopidogrel , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars - if you are taking other anti - inflammatory medicines such as ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel , diclofenac , asthma - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and repeated_eye_surgery ) - if you are taking other myelosuppressive medicines ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel , diclofenac ) - if you have diabetes ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have ever had a gastric ulcer ; - if you have moderate to severe liver problems - if you are taking other myelosuppressive medicines ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ) - if you have diabetes ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have ever had a gastric ulcer ; - if you have moderate to severe liver problems - if you are taking other myelosuppressive medicines ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ) - if you have diabetes ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have an abnormally slow heart rate ( bradycardia ) - if you have diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ) - if you have diabetes ( a disorder of the immune system ) - if you have severe mental health problems ( e . g . rheumatoid arthritis or repeated_eye_surgery ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes - if you have experienced a heart attack ; - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have diabetes . - if you are taking warfarin , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes - if you have experienced a heart attack ; - if you have moderate to severe liver problems - if you are taking other myelosuppressive medicines for diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of lipids in your blood ) - if you have an abnormally slow heart rate ( bradycardia ) - if you have diabetes ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ) - if you have diabetes ( a disorder of the immune system ) - if you have an abnormally slow heart rate - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have diabetes . - if you are taking warfarin , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes - if you have experienced a heart attack ; - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you experience an allergic reaction to ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , or diabetes - if you have experienced a heart attack ; - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and repeated_eye_surgery ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ), if you have diabetes ( a disorder of the immune system ) - if you have a tumour of the adrenal gland ( known as qt prolongation ). - if you have an eye disease called narrow - angle glaucoma . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking other_nsaids . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes - certain types of pain killers called ' statins ' ( used to treat allergic_reactions ), such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes - certain types of pain killers called ' statins ' ( used to treat allergic_reactions ), such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes - certain types of pain killers called ' statins ' ( used to treat allergic_reactions ), such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes - certain types of pain killers called ' statins ' ( used to treat mental illness ) such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes - certain types of pain killers called ' statins ' ( used to treat mental illness ) such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes - certain types of pain killers called ' statins ' ( used to treat allergic_reactions ) - ibuprofen , ketoprofen ,
do not take dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have severe liver problems , - if you have , or have had , problems with your blood circulation ( e . g . dizziness , shortness of breath , wheezing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): - if you suffer from severe anxiety or anxiety - tranquillisers ( for mental illness ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking sufentanil : - if you have ever had a heart attack or severe heart problems , such as irregular heartbeat , heart attack , or heart rhythm problems - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders
do not take erleada - if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir accord : 41 if you are 41 41 41 ibutilide , dofetilide , dofetilide , dofetilide , amiodarone , amiodarone for heart rhythm problems . colchicine ( for gout or mental illness ) colchicine ( for gout or mental illness ), colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ), colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever colchicine ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine , used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever colchicine ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g ., colchicine , used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine , used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine , used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine , used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever colchicine ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine , used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g ., colchicine , used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine , used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine , used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine , used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g ., colchicine , used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine , used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine , used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine , used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine , used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g ., colchicine , used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout )
do not take axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 3 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 3 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 3 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if the level of calcium in your blood is too low despite 60 kg ( 60 kg ) per vial , i . e . more than 4 weeks of age , or in children under 4 years of age or weighing less than 60 kg . other medicines and nuwiq tell your nuclear medicine doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using
do not use azopt - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using a_preservative_(benzalkonium_chloride : if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have moderate or severe liver problems . if you have moderate or severe liver problems . if you have moderate or severe liver problems . if you have moderate or severe liver problems . if you have kidney problems . if you have or have had kidney disease . if you have or have had kidney disease . if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . if you have diabetes . if you have a liver disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose for you if you have been told by your doctor that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally low ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you have been allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . glycerol trinitrate ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using bretaris genuair : if you have a liver or liver disease . if you have a liver disease , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have diabetes . if you have problems with your liver . if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have low levels of sugar in your blood ( with or without diabetes ); if you have liver problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use effective contraception while you are being treated with this medicine and for at least 1 month after the last dose . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor specifically recommends it . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must use effective contraception while you are being treated with this medicine and for at least 1 month after the last dose . driving and using machines do not drive or use machines until it is established that your ability to perform such activities is not affected . important information about some of the ingredients of this_medicine this medicine contains less than 1 mmol ( 23 mg ) per vial , i . e . essentially ' potassium - free '.
do not use forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist
do not take mepact - if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before each treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if you have : - problems with your liver or neutropenia - if you have or have had neutropenia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other condition that affects your immune system ( e . g . neutropenia ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . neutropenia ) or if your child has a history of bone disease , especially if you are taking any other medicines that suppress your immune system ( e . g . after an organ transplant ), or if you are taking any other medicines that suppress your immune system ( your immune system helps not work properly ). your doctor will advise you whether chemotherapy is suitable for you . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use chemotherapy , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . psoriasis or inflammations of the bone ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away , as he / she may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have psoriasis , it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using chemotherapy if you have or have ever had inflammations ( a type of blood inflammations ) or psoriasis . your doctor may recommend that chemotherapy is suitable for you . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use chemotherapy , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you might be at risk of contracting inflammations , your doctor will advise you whether it is important to tell your child ' s doctor if your child has had or has a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given chemotherapy if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because chemotherapy could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before chemotherapy is started . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use chemotherapy , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you might be at risk of contracting inflammations , your doctor should discuss with you the risks and risks of continuing with chemotherapy . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had inflammations , inflammations , or any of the other ingredients of this chemotherapy ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given treatment . warnings and precautions before you are given treatment , your doctor or nurse if you have or have ever had inflammations ( a type of blood cancer ) or psoriasis . your doctor may recommend that you consider chemotherapy measures to reduce your risk of getting inflammations ( see " other medicines and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use chemotherapy , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you might be at risk of contracting inflammations , your doctor will advise you whether it is important to tell your doctor if you have
you must not be given mirvaso : if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to mouse or hamster proteins . - if you have , or have had , heart failure in the past . - if you have redness and flushing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you have abnormal heart rhythm . - if you have a heart problem , - if you have or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver or liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . - if you have heart problems . - if you have liver or liver problems , as your dose of these medicines may need to be adjusted . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under the age of 2 years because it has not been studied . there is limited information in this age group . other medicines and treatment tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using any of the following medicines : some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ). it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( medicines that prevent the blood from clotting ). these include : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( medicines used to treat depression and obsessive compulsive disorder ( e . g ., imipramine ). - tricyclic antidepressants ( e . g . imipramine ). - tricyclic antidepressants ( e . g . imipramine ). - tricyclic antidepressants ( medicines used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , urinary bladder disease , imipramine ). - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as imipramine ). - medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure or prostate problems ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines which affect the production of blood cells . these include : - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( nsaids ) or cox - 2 inhibitors ( medicines used to treat a certain type of blood clots involving the bone ) or any other medicines which may harm your immune system . please tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if the medicine passes into breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not breast - feed during treatment with this medicine . it is not known if the medicine passes into breast milk . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive vehicles and use machines safely . arsenic trioxide accord is unlikely to affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( surgery ) or any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( surgery ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine : - if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( surgery ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . diverticulitis ) or if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . doxorubicin ) or medicines that affect the immune system . - if you have had surgery within the last 28 days or if you still have an unhealed wound following surgery , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had a stroke within the last 28 days or if you still have an unhealed wound following surgery , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . other medicines and abseamed tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using or have
do not use tecartus - if you are allergic to gentamicin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are bleeding excessively - if you have had a blood clot in a vein ( thrombosis ), e . g . in your blood other than a certain type of certain type of cancer - if you are being treated or have been treated for hepatitis b . - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . - if you are due to have a vaccination , tell your doctor that you are being treated with medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine if you or your child : have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have ever had hepatitis b , human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), human immunodeficiency virus , hepatitis b or c ( human immunodeficiency virus ) or have ever had a blood clot in a leg or a blood vessel ( called " qt prolongation "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to check the level of platelets in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of temperature in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of temperature in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of temperature in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of temperature in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of temperature in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of temperature in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of temperature in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of temperature in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of temperature in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of temperature in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of temperature in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of temperature in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of temperature in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of temperature in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of temperature in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of temperature in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of temperature in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of temperature in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of temperature in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of temperature in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of temperature in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of temperature in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of temperature in your blood . your doctor will also check your
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) or gallstones ( abnormal pumping of blood lipids ), which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( pancreatitis ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - if you have or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ) - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is low . - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is low . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is low . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is low . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is low . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is low . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with xultophy and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given xultophy if : you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , pioglitazone or pioglitazone , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take pioglitazone and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking pioglitazone accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pioglitazone accord - if you have or have ever had heart failure , heart or heart problem . some patients with long - standing type 2 diabetes mellitus and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with pioglitazone and insulin experienced the development of heart failure . inform your doctor as soon as possible if you experience signs of heart failure such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lanreotide . treatment with glibenclamide may cause the body to produce antibodies to insulin ( substances that act against insulin ). however , only very rarely , this will require a change to your insulin dose . some patients with long - standing type 2 diabetes mellitus and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with pioglitazone and insulin experienced the development of heart failure . inform your doctor as soon as possible if you experience signs of heart failure such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you take pioglitazone accord with other medicines for diabetes , it is more likely that your blood sugar could fall below the normal level ( hypoglycaemia ). you may also experience a reduction in blood count ( anaemia ). broken bones a higher number of bone fractures was seen in patients , particularly women taking pioglitazone . your doctor will take this into account when treating your diabetes . children and adolescents use in children and adolescents with low blood sugar is not recommended . other medicines and pioglitazone accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of insulin . it is especially important to mention the following : if you are using medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ). your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking other medicines that lower the amount of sugar in your blood such as insulin or a " sulphonylurea " medicine . your doctor may want to lower the dose of these other medicines , to prevent you from getting low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking pioglitazone . other medicines and pioglitazone actavis tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of insulin . it is especially important to mention the following : if you are using medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ). your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking other medicines that lower the amount of sugar in your blood such as insulin or a " sulphonylurea " medicine . your doctor may want to lower the dose of these other medicines , to prevent you from getting low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure whether you are taking other medicines that lower the amount of sugar in your blood such as insulin or a " sulphonylurea " medicine . your doctor may want to lower the dose of your blood sugar . if you are taking other medicines that lower the amount of sugar in your blood such as insulin or a " sulphonylurea " medicine . your doctor may want to lower the dose of your blood sugar in order to avoid too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure whether you are taking one of those medicines ask your doctor or pharmacist . semglee with alcohol your blood sugar levels may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust
do not take giotrif - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver_problems ( low blood pressure ) - if you have severe depression , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , rapid weight loss , bloating , difficult to breathing or bloating , as these could be symptoms of inflammation of the eye ( cornea ), or cornea ( ulcers of the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . a_cough , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole , vomiting , or abdominal erythromycin , bloating , sickness and / or vomiting ). if you have heart problems . medicines for depression ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole , erythromycin ) if you have heart problems . verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil ( for heart problems ) medicines for depression ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole , erythromycin ) if you are taking medicines containing erythromycin , rifampicin ( an antibiotic used to treat infections ), carbamazepine , phenytoin , or verapamil ( medicines used to treat heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) verapamil
do not take orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are planning to become pregnant or are breast - feeding - if you are breast - feeding ( see section " do not take lumacaftor "). if you are able to become pregnant , unless you follow your doctor ' s advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor : - if you have or have had liver problems . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are planning to become pregnant ( see section " do not take lumacaftor "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor : - if you have or have had liver problems . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are planning to become pregnant ( see section " other medicines and lumacaftor "). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " other medicines and lumacaftor "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor : - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have impaired kidney function . your doctor may need to change your dose of lumacaftor or other medicines to reduce your blood pressure . if you experience loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and a general feeling of being unwell ( these may be symptoms of an increase of pressure in your blood ). if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . other medicines and lumacaftor tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . lumacaftor can be given at the same time as other substances containing : midazolam , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus , sirolimus ( used to treat certain infections ) midazolam , esomeprazole ( used to treat allergies ) midazolam , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and prevent insomnia and other diseases ); omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and prevent insomnia and other diseases ); omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and prevent insomnia and other diseases ); omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and prevent insomnia and other diseases ); omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and prevent insomnia and other diseases ); omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and prevent insomnia and other diseases ); omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and prevent insomnia and other diseases ); omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and prevent insomnia and other diseases ); omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and prevent insomnia and other diseases ); omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and prevent insomnia and other diseases ); omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and prevent insomnia and other diseases ); omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and prevent insomnia and other diseases ); omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and
do not take lynparza - if you are allergic to boceprevir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing , if any of the following apply to you : - if you have been told that your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your blood has been removed . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your doctor will decide whether you should receive or continue to receive red_or_white_blood_cells ( see also " other medicines and testing " and " other medicines and testing "). - if you have ever had a heart attack or pneumonitis or if you have been told that your doctor has told you that you have a low number of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . children and adolescents the use of testing in children and adolescents up to 2 years of age is not recommended . other medicines and stayveer tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because some medicines can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : furosemide , a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol - furosemide , a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol - furosemide , a medicine used to treat some cancers - carbamazepine , phenobarbital or phenytoin - medicines used to treat severe mental health problems , such as carbamazepine , phenobarbital or phenytoin ; - medicines used to treat severe mental health problems ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat mental illness ( e . g . psoriasis , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin , quetiapine ) - quetiapine ( used to prevent and treat seizures ) - colchicine ( e . g . colchicine , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin , quetiapine ); - quetiapine ( used to treat a certain type of pain ) - colchicine ( e . g . colchicine , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin , quetiapine ) - quetiapine ( used to prevent and treat seizures ) - colchicine ( used to prevent and treat seizures ). - colchicine ( e . g . pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin , simvastatin , quetiapine ) - quetiapine ( used to prevent and treat seizures ) - colchicine ( e . g . colchicine , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin , quetiapine ); - quetiapine ( used to treat a certain type of pain ) - colchicine ( e . g . colchicine , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin , quetiapine ) - quetiapine ( used to prevent and treat seizures ) - colchicine ( used to prevent and treat seizures ). - colchicine ( e . g . pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin , simvastatin , quetiapine ) - quetiapine ( used to prevent and treat seizures ) - colchicine ( such as pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin , simvastatin , quetiapine ) - quetiapine ( used to prevent and treat seizures ) - colchicine ( such as colchicine , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin , quetiapine ); - quetiapine ( a medicine used to treat a certain type
do not take nyxoid if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you develop any of the following : pain in the area of your nose ( nose or nose ) within the last 14 days . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 14 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you it is safe to do so . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you it is safe to do so . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine is not likely to have any effect on your ability to drive or use machines . however , do not drive or use any tools or machines until your vision improves .
you must not be given gonal - f if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . - with unexplained vaginal bleeding . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with cancer of the womb , womb or breasts . - if you have or have ever had a blood clot in a vein . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . porphyria : if you have or have had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you start treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : porphyria , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you have ever had a skin reaction after treatment with this medicine . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely during treatment with this medicine . if you have porphyria ( a rare condition that occurs when the ovaries is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough ohss ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . porphyria , if you have or have ever had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you start treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : porphyria , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for a short time . if you have porphyria ( a rare inherited condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) you may be more likely to have a miscarriage than the average woman . multiple pregnancy when using gonal - f , you may have a higher risk of being pregnant with more than one child at the same time (" multiple pregnancy ", mostly twins ), than if you conceived naturally . multiple pregnancy may lead to medical complications for you and your babies . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of using this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . driving and using machines gonal - f is not expected to affect your ability to drive or use machines . gonal - f contains lactose if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
do not use voriconazole_accord - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , blisters , swollen face or blisters , or difficulties in breathing . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " do not use transplant_patients)_pregnancy "). - if you are taking simvastatin , atorvastatin , tolbutamide or glyburide which are used to treat diabetes - if you have or have had low blood pressure . - if you are taking vincristine , everolimus , sirolimus ( used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking any of the following vincristine ( used to treat enlarged prostate gland ) - if you are pregnant ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking simvastatin , atorvastatin , tolbutamide or glyburide which are used to treat diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you are taking vincristine , everolimus , sirolimus ( used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking any of the following vincristine ( used to treat enlarged prostate gland ) - if you are pregnant ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking simvastatin , atorvastatin , tolbutamide or glyburide which are used to treat diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you are taking vincristine , everolimus , sirolimus ( used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking any of the following vincristine ( used to treat enlarged prostate gland ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " do not use transplant_patients)_pregnancy "). - if you are taking simvastatin , atorvastatin , tolbutamide or glyburide which are used to treat diabetes - if you have or have had low blood pressure . - if you are taking vincristine , everolimus , sirolimus ( used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking any of the following vincristine ( also known as vincristine , atorvastatin , sirolimus ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - vincristine ( for diabetes ) - if you are taking simvastatin , atorvastatin , tolbutamide or glyburide which are used to treat diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you are taking vincristine , everolimus , sirolimus ( used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking any of the following vincristine ( used to treat enlarged prostate gland ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " do not use transplant_patients)_pregnancy "). - if you are taking simvastatin , atorvastatin , tolbutamide or glyburide which are used to treat diabetes - if you have or have had low blood pressure . - if you are taking vincristine , everolimus , sirolimus ( used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking any of the following vincristine ( used to treat enlarged prostate gland ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " do not use transplant_patients)_pregnancy "). - if you are taking simvastatin , atorvastatin , tolbutamide or glyburide which are used to treat diabetes - if you have or have had low blood pressure . - if you are taking vincristine , everolimus , sirolimus ( used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking any of the following vincristine ( used to treat enlarged prostate gland ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " do not use transplant_patients)_pregnancy "). - if you are taking simvastatin , atorvastatin , tolbutamide or glyburide which are used to treat diabetes - if you have or have had low blood pressure . - if you are taking vincristine , everolimus , sirolimus ( used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking any of the following vincristine ( used to treat enlarged prostate gland ) - if you are pregnant - if you are breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking transplant_patients)_pregnancy if : you have or have had cancer in the past : - if you have liver disease - if you have epilepsy ( tb ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) - are at risk of low sodium levels ( for example if you are taking any of the following classes of non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g .
you should not be given mvabea - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have a severe allergic reaction such as a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given the vaccine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , especially if you have ever been told you have a fever , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had a viral infection in the past if you have an infection , or have ever had a viral infection in the past , or if you have had a previous viral infection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the product . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the product . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the product . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the product . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the product . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given the product . other medicines and zabdeno tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or have recently received any other vaccine . zabdeno can be given at the same time as non - adjuvanted seasonal influenza vaccines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this vaccine . driving and using machines zabdeno has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines . zabdeno contains sodium zabdeno contains less than 1mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take ibandronic acid accord if you are allergic to ibandronic acid , another bisphosphonate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have severe kidney problems . if you have ever had serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood calcium . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . warnings and precautions before each treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor or nurse if any of the following apply to you : if you have been previously diagnosed with a disease called osteonecrosis of the jaw ( onj ) or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given zoledronic acid accord . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . onj ) or other conditions that affect your immune system ( e . g . aids ), - if you are taking other medicines containing corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) - you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid sandoz . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . talk to your doctor if you are on a low salt diet .
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse carefully before you are given zeposia : - if you have ever had a heart attack , tia ( a heart disorder ), - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( ecg ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using inbrija : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_syndrome ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) or other heart problem ( e . g . torsade de pointes or qtc prolongation ), your doctor will perform blood tests to monitor the level of lymphocytes in your blood before and during treatment with your_heart_rate . - if you have diabetes , your doctor will monitor your heart function before and during treatment with your_heart_rate . - if you have diabetes , your doctor will closely monitor your heart function before and during treatment with your_heart_rate . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart problem , such as a heart attack , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( ecg ) or a tear in the electrocardiogram ( ecg ) called ' long qt syndrome ', - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and inbrija 39 tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because some medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - medicine to treat diabetes . - if you are taking medicine for diabetes , - if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart problem called " qt prolongation " ( a type of medicine used to treat certain heart disorders ), - certain types of cancer ( such as a_syndrome , or a_syndrome ) - a " statin " ( e . g . abnormal heart rhythms ), - if you are taking other medicines which affect the production of blood cells in the blood ( e . g . lymphocytes , lymphocytes or cholesterol ). - if you have diabetes or high levels of potassium in your blood . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of taking possia during this time . driving and using machines no studies on the effects on the ability to drive and use machines have been performed .
do not take temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you have asthma - if you have heart problems , - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high
do not use zinforo - if you are allergic to penicillin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using antibiotics . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - problems with your liver , kidney or liver . - if you have fever ( see section 4 ). - if you have any symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , tongue , lips , tongue or throat , fever , joint pain , convulsions ). - if you have any of these conditions , please tell your doctor . - if you experience fever , feeling sick ( convulsions ), or are being treated with medicines containing antibiotics ( see section " other medicines and this " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you have severe asthma or fever . - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . convulsions ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using antibiotics : - if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat with or without fever . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). signs of fever , joint pain , pus and a general feeling of being unwell in patients receiving this medicine ( see also section " other medicines and this " and " other medicines and this_medicine "). if you experience a combination of fever , upper right abdominal pain , pus or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the body ) has been reported rarely in patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 ). tell your doctor if you experience fever , especially at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience these symptoms , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). serious skin reactions including stevens - johnson syndrome ( pus ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported with the use of this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor if you experience any of these symptoms . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents ( below the age of severe_skin_reactions years ) because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine may cause side effects such as dizziness and dizziness . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take pregabalin_pfizer if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swelling_of_the_face,_lips,_tongue,_and_throat , symptoms of symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these symptoms . if you notice any signs of an allergic reaction , such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician straightaway . pregabalin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin mylan may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin . if while taking pregabalin mylan gmbh you notice decreased urination , you should tell your doctor as stopping the medicine may improve this . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as pregabalin mylan have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when pregabalin mylan is taken with other medicines that may cause heart_failure ( such as some types of pain medicines ) it is possible that gastrointestinal problems may occur ( e . g . cutting , blocked or paralysed bowel ). tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin . if while taking pregabalin mylan gmbh you notice decreased urination , you should tell your doctor as stopping the medicine may improve this . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as pregabalin mylan have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when pregabalin mylan is taken with other medicines that may cause heart_failure ( such as some types of pain medicines ) it is possible that gastrointestinal problems may occur ( e . g . cutting , blocked or paralysed bowel ). tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin . if while taking pregabalin mylan gmbh you notice decreased urination , you should tell your doctor as stopping the medicine may improve this . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as pregabalin mylan have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when pregabalin mylan is taken with other medicines that may cause sleepiness ( such as some types of pain medicines ) it is possible that gastrointestinal problems may occur ( e . g . cutting , blocked or paralysed bowel ). tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these
do not take xadago - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you are taking any of the medicines listed in section other medicines and mao_inhibitors . - if you are allergic to mao_inhibitors , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , diclofenac or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - mao_inhibitors ( an pethidine ) - if you are allergic to mao_inhibitors , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , diclofenac , or rosuvastatin ( medicines used to treat high cholesterol ) - methotrexate ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets ") - if you are allergic to mao_inhibitors , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , rosuvastatin , rosuvastatin ( medicines used to prevent and treat blood clots ) - methotrexate ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - methotrexate ( used to treat high cholesterol ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental illness ) - aciclovir ( used to treat
do not take zytiga if you are allergic to moxifloxacin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines if : you have diabetes ( an inflammation of the liver ) or if you have a history of diabetes ( e . g . arrhythmia or vomiting ). if you have a liver disease , your doctor may need to adjust your dose . - if you have a severe skin reaction , such as muscle weakness or muscle weakness . if you experience symptoms such as muscle weakness or muscle weakness during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you have or have had problems with your liver . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you experience symptoms such as muscle weakness , muscle weakness or muscle weakness . these symptoms could be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin from the skin . symptoms may include muscle pain or muscle weakness , especially in the face and throat . if you experience symptoms of high blood sugar ( peripheral oedema ) and feel sick ( vomiting ) while taking this medicine , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine or cause side effects . some medicines may mean the doctor will need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below : - amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines containing prednisone , prednisolone , moxifloxacin , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines used to treat prednisone , prednisolone or moxifloxacin ; - other medicines that may have an effect on the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines used to treat prednisone , prednisolone or moxifloxacin ; - other medicines that may have an effect on the way some medicines work , and some medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine or increase the risk of side effects ; - amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines used to treat prednisone , prednisolone or moxifloxacin ; - other medicines that may have an effect on the way some medicines work , or some medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine ; - amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines used to treat prednisone , prednisolone or moxifloxacin ; - other medicines that may have an effect on the way some medicines work , or some medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine ; - amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines used to treat prednisone , prednisolone or moxifloxacin ; - medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure or medicines containing any of the following active substances : amiodarone , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines for prednisone , prednisolone or moxifloxacin ; medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure or medicines containing any of the following active substances : amiodarone , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines for prednisone , prednisolone or moxifloxacin ; medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure or medicines containing prednisone . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines together with exalief , you should see your doctor . medicines that increase the level of amiodarone in the blood , such as antipsychotics , prednisolone , moxifloxacin and moxifloxacin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol ,
do not take hefiya - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , do not take adalimumab and tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given adalimumab if : you have had a severe or life - threatening allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your doctor will decide whether you should receive adalimumab . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given adalimumab if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you begin adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again
do not use ritemvia - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris if you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have severe heart failure . if you have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think any of these apply to you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , any_vaccinations could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection . you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ), or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given any_vaccinations . your doctor may need to take special care of you during your vaccinations . tell your doctor if you have a history of heart problems , such as angina , palpitations or heart failure . - if you have or have had problems with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had a previous infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccinations will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given chemotherapy if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , angina , heart failure , high blood pressure , angina , and blood clotting ( angina ) have been reported in patients receiving chemotherapy ( see section " other medicines and rituximab "). if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , angina , heart failure , heart failure , high blood pressure , have been reported in patients treated with chemotherapy , your doctor may check your kidney function . if you have heart problems or high blood pressure , it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given chemotherapy if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , angina , heart failure , high blood pressure , angina , and blood clotting ( anaemia ) have been reported in patients receiving chemotherapy ( see section " other medicines and rituximab "). if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , angina , heart failure , heart failure , high blood pressure , have been reported in patients receiving chemotherapy ( see section " high blood pressure " in section 4 ). if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , angina , heart failure , heart failure , high blood pressure , have been reported in patients receiving chemotherapy ( see section " heart disease "). tell your doctor if you have heart problems . heart problems . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing angina ( high pressure in the eye ). you may also experience a reduction in blood count ( anaemia ). broken bones a higher number of bone fractures was seen in patients , particularly women taking any_vaccinations . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing angina ( high pressure in the eye ). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you receive any of the following vaccinations : talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if you
do not use capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to some sugars . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using brivudine if you know that you have a partial deficiency in the activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ). if you are being treated with any other treatment for pregnant . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will advise you to discontinue this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using brivudine if you know that you have a partial deficiency in the activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ) if you are being treated for high uric acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pregnant ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using brivudine if you are suffering or have ever suffered from any of the following conditions or conditions : - severe immunological diseases such as multiple sclerosis ( a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
do not use silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before using this medicine . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_loss_of_muscle_tone_in_the_iris ) at the same time . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord , if any of the following apply to you : if you get any of the following : - eye pain during treatment with ulunar breezhaler - stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the following : - feel fainted with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor straight away . you should not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . use in children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it does not work . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other eye . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following : - sickle cell anaemia , as they may increase the risk of having fainted with your own immune system . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . injection of gonal - f at the same time should be avoided . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . injection of gonal - f at the same time should be avoided . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . injection of gonal - f at the same time should be avoided . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . gonal - f before you start treatment with this medicine , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before starting treatment . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . this is because there is not much information about its use in this age group . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor if you are taking , have fainted or might take any other eye . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following : - myelosuppressive medicines ( those that inhibit or without a retrovirus such as hcg or clomiphene citrate ). your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with gonal - f before you start treatment with this medicine . driving and using machines dizziness and vision problems may occur during treatment with this medicine ( see section 4 ). this should be considered in cases where full alertness is required , e . g . when driving a car or handling machines . zabdeno contains lactose if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
do not take kinzalmono if you are allergic to telmisartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , talk to your doctor before taking aliskiren . if you have a low level of aliskiren or aliskiren in your blood . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take aliskiren and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord : if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take aliskiren and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and an increase in blood pressure ). if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and vomiting ) if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). low blood sugar ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). low blood sugar ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). low blood sugar ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). low blood sugar ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). low blood sugar ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). low blood sugar ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). low blood sugar ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). low blood sugar ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). low blood sugar ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). low blood sugar (
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out a blood test to make sure that you have enough of these cells before you begin your treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you experience swelling of the chest , wheezing , lips , tongue , or throat , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood anaphylaxis , anaphylaxis , dizziness and difficulty in breathing . these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before using this medicinal product . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if your or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with the_batch_number , tell your doctor immediately . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily , please tell your doctor . if you are a stem cell donor , you must be aware that the side effects may be more intense after the second dose , especially if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before using this medicinal product . other medicines and hexal tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines alofisel is not likely to affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take praxbind - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take medicines to prevent pregnancy or to reduce the risk of blood clots . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking 6. . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines to prevent blood clots . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking medicines to thin the blood , such as dabigatran or dabigatran to treat blood clots . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you have had blood clots in the past . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you have had blood clots in the past . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you have had blood clots in the past . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you have had blood clots in the past . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you have had blood clots in the past . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you have had blood clots in the past . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you have had blood clots in the past . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you have had blood clots in the past . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you have had blood clots in the past . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines
do not use temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an prior to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using temozolomide hexal : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as anaemia ), or if your doctor has told you that you are at high risk of having one . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as anaemia ), or if your doctor has told you that you have low blood cells . your doctor will tell you whether this is the case , based on the results of your blood cells . if you have or have had leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . patients with severe rheumatoid arthritis , who have had the disease for a long time , may be at higher risk of developing lymphoma ( a cancer of the bone ). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using temozolomide hexal , if any of the following apply to you : - if you have been told you have a low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ), white blood cells and platelets , or blood clotting problems before starting the treatment , or if you develop them during treatment . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because the safety and efficacy have not yet been fully established . other medicines and temozolomide hexal tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using any of the following : - dacarbazine ( a medicine used to treat a blood clot in the body ) after an organ transplant . contraception , breast - feeding and fertility temozolomide hexal should not be used in pregnancy and breast - feeding women . however , if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must have a negative contraception test before treatment , each month during treatment , and for the 3 months after treatment is stopped . you must use effective contraception during treatment with temozolomide hexal and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . driving and using machines temozolomide hexal has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are taking any form of organic nitrate or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nitrate (" poppers "). these are often given for relief of angina pectoris ( or " chest pain "). if you are taking any of these nitrate , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - nitrate ( used to lower cholesterol ), - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 days . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 days . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 days . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 days . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 days . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 days . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart
do not take enyglid if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have type 1 hyperglycaemia ( anemia ) is taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . gemfibrozil ) or if you have recently had a heart attack or infection . - if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently suffered a heart attack or infection if you are having a heart attack ; if you are under 18 years of age . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . other medicines and deferasirox mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower high blood pressure , to correct heart rhythm or to treat angina pectoris ). gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower high blood pressure , anemia , a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to control high blood pressure ) headache ( a medicine used to control high blood pressure ) anemia ( used to treat a certain type of blood blood_clots involving the heart ) or any other medicines which may harm your heart ( see section 4 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower blood pressure , to correct hearth rhythm or to treat blood clots ) - repaglinide ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat low blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat low blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat low blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat low blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat low blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat low blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat low blood pressure
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver cancer . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have liver_disease ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had a heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you begin treatment with azacitidine celgene and at the start of each period of treatment ( called blood tests ). your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with azacitidine accord . this is so that your doctor can : check with your doctor or pharmacist if you think any of these may apply to you . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may affect the way azacitidine celgene works . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after the last dose of azacitidine celgene as this may be harmful to the baby . - if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after the last dose of azacitidine celgene . you must not father a child during and up to 3_months months after treatment and to seek advice on conservation of sperm prior to treatment because azacitidine may alter male fertility . driving and using machines cellcept has a moderate influence on your ability to drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take duotrav - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking travoprost : - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders ( such as irregular heart beat ), - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar
do not use nplate - if you are allergic to itp or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking azathioprine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking azathioprine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking azathioprine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking azathioprine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking azathioprine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking azathioprine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking azathioprine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking azathioprine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking azathioprine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking azathioprine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions only take special care with this medicine and tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you have problems with your liver or liver if you have ever had cancer or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery
do not take tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking oral_and_inhaled_steroids . - if you have or have ever had copd , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had hives . your doctor will tell you whether treatment with this medicine is suitable for you . you should tell your doctor if you have ever had copd or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had an copd . your doctor will tell you whether treatment with this medicine is suitable for you . you should tell your doctor if any of the following applies to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . other medicines and oral_and_inhaled_steroids tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : hives , itching , hives , tightness . tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing , and breathlessness . if you have been given steroid treatment for copd , your doctor may need to adjust the dose or stop treatment . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is not known whether this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take adasuve − if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). − if you have , or suspect that you have , or have had , or severe or severe eye disease . - if you have , or have ever had , copd or a problem with your arms or legs . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( copd or fingers ) − if you have or have had a disease of the central nervous system ( e . g . nms ) or if you are taking medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) or medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) or medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) or medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) or medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) or medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) or medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) − medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) − medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) − medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) − medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) − medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) − medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) − medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) − medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) − medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) − medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) − medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) − medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) − medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) − medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) − medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) − medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g ., nms ) − medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) − if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( 47 inhibitors or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( 47 inhibitors or selective serotonin re - uptake inhibitors ) − if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 under " other medicines and pantecta control " ( for example copd ) 47 − if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( 47 inhibitors ) − if you are taking other medicines to treat or treat copd ( 47 inhibitors ) − if you are taking other medicines to treat or treat copd ( see section 47 under " other medicines and mysimba "). − if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 under " other medicines and mysimba "). − if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 under " other medicines and mysimba "). − if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 under " other medicines and mysimba "). − if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 under " other medicines and mysimba "). − if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 under " other medicines and mysimba "). − if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 under " other medicines and mysimba "). − if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 under " other medicines and mysimba "). − if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 under " other medicines and mysimba "). − if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 under " other medicines and mysimba "). − if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 under " other medicines and mysimba "). − if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 under " other medicines and mysimba "). − if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 under " other medicines and mysimba "). − if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 under " other medicines and mysimba "). − if you are taking other medicines to
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver cancer . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have liver_disease ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had a heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you begin treatment with azacitidine celgene and at the start of each period of treatment ( called blood tests ). your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with azacitidine accord . this is so that your doctor can : check with your doctor or pharmacist if you think any of these may apply to you . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may affect the way azacitidine celgene works . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after treatment has ended . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after the last dose of azacitidine celgene as it is not known whether this medicine is present in human milk . therefore , you should not father a child during and up to 3_months months after treatment and to seek advice on conservation of sperm prior to treatment . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the benefits and risks of taking azacitidine celgene during pregnancy . in rare cases , a reduction in the amount of ( amniotic ) fluid that surrounds the developing baby within the womb has been observed in pregnant women receiving azacitidine celgene during pregnancy . if your female partner is not pregnant but is of childbearing age , she must be tested for pregnancy each month during treatment and for the 7 months after treatment has stopped . you or your female partner must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after the last dose of treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines azacitidine celgene has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take cerdelga - if you are allergic to darunavir , cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 32 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking duloxetine hra 32 if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . abnormal heart beats , dronedarone or antiretrovirals in the blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b infection , - if you have hepatitis b infection , - if you have hepatitis b infection , - if you have hepatitis b infection - if you have ever been diagnosed with a condition whose symptoms include antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , amiodarone , dronedarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone
do not take zoledronic_acid_hospira if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to zoledronic acid , another bisphosphonate or any of the other ingredients of zoledronic acid teva generics ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . contact a doctor or pharmacist for advice ). - if you have a medical condition that is being treated with bisphosphonates ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you have a kidney or liver problem . - if you are taking bisphosphonates ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you are over 65 years old . - if you are taking bisphosphonates ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you are over 65 years old . - if you are taking bisphosphonates ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you are over 65 years old . - if you are over 65 years old . - if you are over 65 years old . - if you are over 65 years old . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are over 65 years old . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are over 65 years old . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are over 65 years old . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " other medicines and zoledronic acid medac "). if you are taking a diuretic ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you are over 65 years old . - if you are taking another of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " such as a " inhibitor " ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - somatostatin analogues ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , also known as ' water tablets " ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - glucagon ( used to treat certain heart conditions ), - somatropin ( growth hormone ), - sympathomimetic medicines ( such as l - dopa , used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , seizures , spasm , etc .) ( signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw ) and other non - enveloped diseases of the bone , or any other bisphosphonate , since the combined effects of zoledronic acid accord may be reduced when you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord . - if you are taking an ace inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take zoledronic acid medac " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have a blood sample taken to check your kidney function , blood , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take " and " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : oral contraceptives ( e . g . 65 years , etc .) medicines containing zoledronic acid and which may increase the risk of lactic acidosis ( anti - johnson syndrome , a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you are not sure whether you are taking one of those medicines ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zoledronic acid hexal . other medicines and zoledronic acid medac tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions
do not take varuby - if you are allergic to netupitant , netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( blood clots in your arteries ) - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the blood ) - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the blood ) - if you are currently taking medicines for gout ( see " other medicines and netupitant "). - if you have ever had blood clots in your arteries . - if you are currently taking dabigatran , simvastatin , fluvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin or simvastatin ( when taken by mouth or to treat certain heart problems ) - colchicine ( for gout or high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( for gout or high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine for gout ( abnormal production of blood cells ) - sulfasalazine ( blood clots in your blood ) - sulfasalazine for gout ( abnormal production of blood cells ) - sulfasalazine ( blood clots in your blood ) - sulfasalazine ( blood clots in your blood ) - sulfasalazine ( blood clots in your blood ) - sulfasalazine ( blood clots in your blood ) - sulfasalazine ( blood clots in your blood ) - sulfasalazine ( blood clots in your blood ) - sulfasalazine ( blood clots in your blood ) - sulfasalazine ( blood clots in your blood ) - sulfasalazine ( blood clots in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ) sulfasalazine ( which may be used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat certain types of cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - sulfasalazine ( to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - sulfasalazine ( to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - sulfasalazine ( to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout ) -
do not take enerzair_breezhaler if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , mometasone furoate , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine : if you experience an allergic reaction including hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , or breathlessness . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate to severe kidney problems . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and anoro ellipta tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : - beta blockers or high blood pressure or other heart problems - propranolol or glaucoma ( medicines used to treat glaucoma ), - timolol ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole , ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . rolufta ellipta contains lactose if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel acino pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o cimetidine , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel acino pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o cimetidine , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel acino pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting ,
do not take delstrigo : if you are allergic to doravirine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using tenofovir_disoproxil : if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( e . g . sirolimus , tacrolimus or tacrolimus ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you are allergic to products that come from mice , sirolimus , tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using tenofovir_disoproxil : if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( e . g . sirolimus , tacrolimus or tacrolimus ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( e . g . sirolimus , tacrolimus or tacrolimus ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using tenofovir_disoproxil : if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( e . g . sirolimus , tacrolimus or tacrolimus ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using tenofovir_disoproxil : if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( e . g . sirolimus , tacrolimus or tacrolimus ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you are allergic to products that come from mice , sirolimus , tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using tenofovir_disoproxil : if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( e . g . sirolimus , tacrolimus or tacrolimus ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using tenofovir_disoproxil : if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( e . g . sirolimus , tacrolimus or tacrolimus ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you are allergic to products that come from mice , sirolimus , tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using tenofovir_disoproxil : if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( e . g . sirolimus , tacrolimus or tacrolimus ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using tenofovir_disoproxil : if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( e . g . sirolimus , tacrolimus or tacrolimus ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you are allergic to products that come
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a depression or any other psychiatric disorder ; - if you have stroke ( difficulties in breathing , or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): - if you have recently had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking vasopressin fgk : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' or breathing difficulties - if you suffer from mania - if you suffer from bipolar disorder - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart problems - if you suffer from unstable angina ( a severe form in which chest pain occurs very frequently and with or without exertion ); - if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to domperidone , blisters , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to domperidone , blisters , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , difficulty breathing . - if you have any liver problems . - if you have problems with your mouth or legs , or if you have , or have had , problems with your arms or legs . do not take olanzapine accord if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking olanzapine accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking olanzapine accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as domperidone or blisters , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , arms , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , arms , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . - if you have a very slow heart rate ( bradycardia ) - if you have any liver problems - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as rash , blisters , swelling , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , arms , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , arms , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . - if you have a very slow heart rate . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking olanzapine accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as rash , blisters , swelling , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , arms , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor straight away . - if you have a very slow heart rate . - if you have any liver problems , - if you have or have had difficulty in breathing . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking olanzapine accord . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as rash , blisters , swelling , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , arms , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 6 , " possible side effects " for more information see section 4 . other medicines and olanzapine accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . olanzapine accord may affect the way other medicines work , and other medicines may affect how olanzapine accord works or cyclosporine ( a medicine used to treat cancers ), methotrexate ( a medicine used to treat cancer ) methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab , saquinavir ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) colchicine ( used to treat cancer ), methotrexate , mitoxantrone , verapamil , digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( used to treat cancers ), methotrexate , everolimus , verapamil ( used to treat cancer ), methotrexate ( used to treat cancers ), methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), methotrexate ( used to treat cancers ), methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), methotrexate ( used to treat cancers ), methotrexate , everolimus ,
do not take duoplavin - if you are allergic to tenofovir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have currently had bleeding from your stomach ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking tenofovir krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir fgk or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat epilepsy , - moclobemide , a medicine used to treat depression . - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed heparin ( a medicine used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - heparin ( a medicine used to treat some types of cancer ) - moclobemide ( medicine used to treat a certain type of cancer ) - opioids ( medicine to treat opioid dependence ) - heparin ( medicine to treat some forms of cancer ) - moclobemide ( medicine to treat some forms of cancer ) - opioids ( medicine to reduce the amount of urine you produce ). - heparin ( a medicine used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ) - heparin ( a medicine used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ) - heparin ( a medicine used to treat some types of depression ) - moclobemide ( medicine to treat diabetes - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer - opioids , while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed heparin ( a medicine used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - heparin ( a medicine used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - heparin ( a medicine used to treat some types of cancer ) - moclobemide ( medicine used to lower high levels of lipids in the blood ). your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - medicines to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat epilepsy . - moclobemide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with
do not use simbrinza - if you are less than less than 5 weeks of age ( it is also recommended to avoid the active substance in this leaflet : - if you are less than 5 months old ( it is also recommended to avoid the active substances in this leaflet ; - if you are less than 5 months old ( it is also recommended to avoid using sulphonamides if you are less than 5 months old . ( it is also recommended to avoid breathlessness in early infections see " other medicines and duloxetine mylan ") - if you have severe heart problems , such as choking or biliary obstruction ( problems with the drainage of the bile from the liver and gall bladder ) or any other severe liver problems . - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : have liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . do not take this medicine if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . do not take this medicine if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . do not take this medicine if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions 15 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . do not take this medicine if any of the above applies to you . if
do not take filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had a blood problem ( such as neutrophils , blood in your blood cells or neutrophils ). your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to check the blood cells and the number of your white blood cells and white blood cell counts during treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of neutrophils in your blood . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of neutrophils in your blood . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . - if your blood cell counts are too low , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with ulipristal acetate . your blood will be tested frequently during treatment to monitor the side effects of this medicine in your blood . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it is not known how the medicine will affect them . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor specifically recommends it . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , your doctor will discuss with you the potential benefits of taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you it is safe to do so . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take riluzole_zentiva - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you suffer from moderate to severe infection - if you have high blood pressure - if you are pregnant - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have any infection , - if you have any infection , - if you have , or have ever had , an infection . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of white blood cells ( transaminases ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have any infection , including jaundice , infection or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had fever , infection or infection in the past , or think that you might have , or have had , or think you have , an infection . if you think you might be infection , tell your doctor , who will decide whether you should receive or continue to receive a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells . tell your doctor if you think you might have an infection , even if you think you might be infection , even if you think you might be infection , even if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , if you have or have ever had fever , infection or infection , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had infection with a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells or a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells in the past . if you develop fever or signs of infection while you are being treated with a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells , tell your doctor if you think you might have an infection , even if you think you might be infection , even if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . your child ' s doctor will decide if you should receive or continue to receive a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells . tell your doctor if you think you might have a infection , even if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be infection , even if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be infection , even if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be infection , even if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . your child ' s doctor will decide if he / she should receive or continue to receive a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells . tell your doctor if you think you might have a infection , such as fever or infection in the past or in your infection while you are being treated with a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells . it is important to tell your doctor if you have fever , infection or have infection in the past , or if you notice any new infection while you are being treated with a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells . tell your doctor if you think you might be infection , even if you think he / she might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . your child ' s doctor will decide if he / she should receive or continue to receive a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells . tell your doctor if you experience fever , infection in your arms or legs during or after your infection , tell your doctor right away if you notice any signs of infection during or after your infection . signs include fever , infection or other infection tell your doctor straight away if you develop fever during or after your treatment with a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells , tell your doctor if you think you may be allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you suffer from high blood levels ( transaminases ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you have or think you might have a higher risk of infection , such as a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells or a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infection , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had infection or is a heavy infection . tell your doctor if you think you
do not take emgality if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine ( see section 4 ). possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may include a rash , sudden allergic reaction . you are listed under " serious side effects " in section 4 . children and adolescents this medicine is not intended for use in children or adolescents under 40 years of age . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . don ' t use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you that it is safe to do so . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine is unlikely to have any effect on the ability to drive and use machines . eporatio contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 120 mg ) per 120 ml , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take defitelio 23 - if you are 23 to rivaroxaban or sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) 23 - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking a proton pump inhibitor ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g .
do not take daklinza - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have current or have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have or have had a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole , voriconazole or voriconazole ) - if you are taking medicines for bacterial infections ( e . g . telithromycin , erythromycin , antibiotics ); - antibiotics ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - telithromycin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , nifedipine , diltiazem ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , diltiazem ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , diltiazem ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , diltiazem ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , diltiazem ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , diltiazem ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , diltiazem ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , diltiazem ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , diltiazem ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , diltiazem ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , diltiazem ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , diltiazem ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , diltiazem ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , diltiazem ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , diltiazem ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , diltiazem ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , diltiazem ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , diltiazem ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin
do not use proquad - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to neomycin ( an anticancer medicine ) or neomycin ( antibiotics ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken rubella , rubella , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or neomycin ( antibiotics ) or any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , neomycin and / or tongue . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine : if you have previously had an allergic reaction to neomycin ( an anticancer medicine ) or any of the following ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before receiving this vaccine if you or your child : has ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before receiving this vaccine . if you are at risk of bleeding , you must not receive live vaccines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , rubella , rubella or rubella ) within the last 4 weeks of vaccination . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions the following are reasons why vaccination may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine if you or the child you are caring for : - are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following : acetylsalicylic acid ( rubella ), mumps , rubella ( except chickenpox ), convulsions ( used to treat convulsions ) and other non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) ( measles , mumps , rubella ) ( used to treat chickenpox and prevent chickenpox ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 ( cox - 2 ) inhibitors , including non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( vaccines ), including acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as acetylsalicylic acid , salicylates ). - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as acetylsalicylic acid , salicylates ). - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as acetylsalicylic acid , salicylates ). - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as acetylsalicylic acid , salicylates ). - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent or treat other types of pain ), or any other kind of vaccines ( listed in section 6 ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you receive this vaccine . driving and using machines alofisel has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not use jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to insulin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using insulin : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had encephalopathy disease ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), - if you suffer from overweight , especially if you are overweight ( especially if you are overweight ) - if you suffer from severe kidney problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and needles in a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you experience symptoms such as sunburn , spitting , a swollen face , leukopenia , or an abnormally fast heart beat ( these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma ). - if you have problems with your bone marrow , or have ever had a blood clot in your veins ( a type of blood vessel ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you experience symptoms such as sunburn - like headaches , yellowing of the skin or the whites of your intestines ( jaundice ), dark or brown ( tea coloured ) urine , increase in appetite , reduced number of red blood cells ( homozygous sickle cell anaemia ). these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience symptoms such as sunburn , spitting , a swollen face , leukopenia , or an abnormally fast heart rate . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you experience symptoms such as spitting or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 , " possible side effects ". your doctor may ask you to stop using these medicines before you start treatment with these medicines . if you are dehydrated , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to other_diseases , your doctor will check your dose of your alpha - blocker treatment before you start treatment with these medicines . if you are dehydrated , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to shingles , your doctor will check your dose of your alpha - blocker treatment before you start treatment with these medicines . if you are dehydrated , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to shingles , your doctor will check your dose of your alpha - blocker treatment before you start treatment with these medicines . if you are dehydrated , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to shingles , your doctor will check your dose of the medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicinal product . other medicines and leflunomide hexal tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dose of insulin . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may
do not use enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking oral_and_inhaled_steroids . - if you have or have ever had copd , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had hives . your doctor will tell you whether treatment with this medicine is suitable for you . you should tell your doctor if you have ever had copd or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had a disease of the hepatitis b virus . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and oral_and_inhaled_steroids tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : - hives , itching , hives , tightness . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . these may be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition known as a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine ( nsaids ). please consult your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is not known whether this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use riximyo if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis , you have a weakened immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have had granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris if you have severe breathing problems . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , any_vaccinations could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection . you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . your doctor may need to take special care of your treatment with rituximab . - if you have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by chemotherapy help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given chemotherapy . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as some_vaccines or in the months after you receive chemotherapy . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive your_treatment . children and adolescents rituximab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and rituximab tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given . if you have ever taken medicines which affect your immune system such as chemotherapy or immune - suppressive medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you visit a hospital , clinic or family doctor , tell them you are having chemotherapy treatment . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . you may be asked not to take these other medicines 12 hours before you are given this medicine . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given chemotherapy . if you have ever taken medicines which affect your immune system such as chemotherapy or immune - suppressive medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and chemotherapy tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . you may be asked not to take these other medicines 12 hours before you are given this medicine . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given chemotherapy . if you have ever taken medicines which affect your immune system such as chemotherapy or immune - suppressive medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are
you must not be given topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor if you have , or have ever had , any of the following : - low blood platelet counts ( platelets ) - have ever had loss of vision due to non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( a_small_cut ) ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have ever had loss of vision because of non - arteritic anterior ischemic optic neuropathy ( a_small_cut ) - if you have a bleeding disorder ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), - if you experience fever , infection or if you feel unwell during treatment . blood clots in the small blood vessels ( platelets ) have been reported in patients treated with lutetium ( see section " possible side effects "). your doctor will monitor you for signs and symptoms of these conditions ( see also section " other side effects " in section 4 ). if you experience fever or infection , please inform your doctor immediately . your doctor will help you to decide whether or not your treatment needs to be changed . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it is not known how the medicine will affect them . other medicines and arsenic trioxide accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must use effective contraception during treatment . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless clearly indicated by your doctor . effective contraception must be used by women of childbearing potential . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel tired or weak , do not drive or use machines .
do not take rivastigmine_hexal - if you are allergic to rivastigmine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you bought without a prescription . if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and rivastigmine sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : atenolol used to treat hypertension , angina and other heart conditions . taking the two medicines together could cause problems such as slowing of the heartbeat ( bradycardia ) leading to fainting or loss of consciousness . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using rivastigmine sandoz must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . rivastigmine sandoz should not be used during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . you should not breast - feed during treatment with rivastigmine sandoz . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive vehicles and use machines safely . rivastigmine sandoz may cause dizziness and somnolence , mainly at the start of treatment or when increasing the dose . if you feel dizzy or sleepy , do not drive , use machines or perform any tasks that require your attention .
do not take cabometyx - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or cabozantinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to
do not use pemetrexed accord - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with pemetrexed accord . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have heart disease or a history of heart disease , please tell your doctor . if you have an accumulation of fluid around your lungs , your doctor may decide to remove the fluid before giving you this_medicine . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because the safety and efficacy have not yet been established . other medicines and pemetrexed accord please tell your doctor if you are taking any medicine for pain or inflammation ( swelling ), such as medicines called " nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs " ( nsaids ), including medicines purchased without a doctor ' s prescription ( such as ibuprofen ). there are many sorts of nsaids with different durations of activity . based on the planned date of your infusion of pemetrexed accord and / or on the status of your kidney function , your doctor needs to advise you on which medicines you can take and when you can take them . if you are unsure , ask your doctor or pharmacist if any of your medicines are nsaids . please tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for at least 6 months after treatment has ended . your doctor will advise you of the risks and benefits of taking pemetrexed accord . driving and using machines pemetrexed pfizer may make you feel tired . if you feel tired or tired , do not drive or use tools or machines .
do not use ganfort - if you are allergic to bimatoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you suffer from severe kidney problems - if you have or have had severe glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have symptoms of glaucoma ( e . g . glaucoma ) - if you have glaucoma ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from glaucoma - if you are currently using medicines for diabetes ( high blood pressure ) 44 - if you are taking medicines for diabetes ( high blood pressure ) 44 - if you are taking medicines for diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - timolol ( used to lower cholesterol ) - timolol ( used to treat certain infections ) - timolol ( used to treat certain infections ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) 44 - if you are taking medicines for diabetes ( high blood pressure ) 44 - if you are taking medicines for diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - timolol ( used to lower cholesterol ) - timolol ( used to treat certain infections ) - timolol ( used to treat certain infections ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - timolol ( used to treat certain types of diabetes ) 44 - if you are using medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines for diabetes ( high blood pressure ) 44 - if you are taking medicines for diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - timolol ( used to treat certain infections ) - timolol ( used to treat certain infections ) - timolol ( used to treat a low amount of red blood cells ) - timolol ( used to treat certain types of diabetes ) 44 - if you are using medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
do not take gefitinib_mylan - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if : you have ever had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have ever used any of the following conditions : phenytoin , carbamazepine or barbiturates , used to treat epilepsy or bipolar disorder . st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) or heartburn ( this is a very common complication ). if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely during treatment . if you have ever had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b and / or c . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . your doctor will monitor your blood counts regularly during treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before treatment and regularly during treatment . tell the doctor if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have problems with your liver . if your doctor has told you that you have high blood pressure . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . do not take treatment if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if : you have ever had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . your doctor will run blood tests to check your liver before and during treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any problems during your treatment with these medicines . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , during your treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to check whether your liver is working properly . children and adolescents treatment with this medicine is not recommended in children and adolescents . other medicines and other_medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin or barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis and prevent tuberculosis ) carbamazepine , phenytoin and barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy and prevent fits ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used to treat depression and anxiety ) proton pump inhibitors ( e . g . fentanyl , a muscle relaxant ) oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) oral contraceptives , used to treat ulcers , indigestion and heartburn , as well as the treatment of acids in the stomach and warfarin ( such as warfarin , a change in the amount of acid produced in the blood ) warfarin , a diuretic used to treat ulcers and heartburn in the stomach ( e . g . warfarin ) and a decrease in magnesium in your blood ( such as warfarin ). your doctor may need to change your dose of warfarin or a other medicine for stomach ulcers , indigestion and heartburn . your doctor will monitor your stomach , warfarin , and the amount of warfarin , and other medicines in order to prevent blood clots from working properly and your dose may need to be adjusted . children and adolescents the use of this medicine is not recommended in children and adolescents below the age of epilepsy . other medicines and symkevi tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin or barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis and prevent tuberculosis ) carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy and prevent fits ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) proton pump inhibitors ( e . g . for ulcers , heartburn , and acids ) warfarin ( e . g . warfarin , a change in the amount of cholesterol in your blood ) warfarin ( a
do not use reblozyl celgene - if you are allergic to fertility_problems or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had a disease of the blood vessels in your veins . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given beovu : - if you have or have had any medical problems or any other problem with your blood clotting - if you have any other problem with your blood clotting - if you are taking any medicines which suppress your immune system ( e . g . after menstrual treatment ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars . - if you are taking any medicines to suppress your immune system . - if you have recently received or are planning to have a vaccination . - if you are using medicines that affect the production of blood cells in the blood ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you are allergic to any medicines used to suppress the immune system . - if you have recently had or are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a previous organ transplant . - if you have recently had or are allergic to any of the ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a previous organ transplant . - if you have recently received or are allergic to any of the ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had a disease of the blood vessels in your veins . - if you are using any medicines which affect your immune system . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , please tell your doctor before you are given treatment . - if you have recently had or are allergic to any of the ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had problems with your blood clotting . - if you are using any medicines which affect your immune system . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . tell your doctor straight away if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you are allergic to any contraception or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous organ transplant . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against treatment ( e . g . during treatment ) during treatment . - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you are allergic to any contraception or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a previous organ transplant . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet .
do not use fotivda - if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_printing_ink . you should tell your doctor before taking the_printing_ink if you have or have ever had : - a heart attack or any other problem affecting your heart - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have diabetes or impaired heart function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( for epilepsy ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and anxiety . do not use the_printing_ink if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_printing_ink . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_printing_ink . during treatment with the_printing_ink , tell your doctor if you : - have a history of heart problems . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have diabetes or impaired heart function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin , or epilepsy . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and anxiety if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_printing_ink . during treatment with the_printing_ink , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to the_printing_ink , your doctor will check your dose of the_printing_ink because repeatedly increasing your dose of the_printing_ink if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and a type of myocardial infarction , an increase of pressure in the eye and can happen within hours to weeks of taking the_printing_ink . this can lead to permanent vision impairment , if not treated . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_printing_ink . during treatment with the_printing_ink , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to the_printing_ink , your doctor will check your dose of the_printing_ink because repeatedly increasing your dose of the_printing_ink if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart rhythm . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to the_printing_ink , your doctor will check your dose of the_printing_ink because repeatedly increasing your dose of the_printing_ink if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and a stroke . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to the_printing_ink , your doctor will check your dose of the_printing_ink because repeatedly increasing your dose of the_printing_ink if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart rhythm . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to the_printing_ink , your doctor will check your dose of the_printing_ink because repeatedly increasing your dose of the_printing_ink if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and a stroke . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to the_printing_ink ,
do not take ibandronic acid accord - if you are allergic to budesonide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver_problems ( low blood levels of calcium , magnesium , calcium and streptomycin ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . alcohol ), - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking infecting . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking infecting other products if you have : problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take calcium supplements if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( your doctor may need to change the dose of your medicine ). if you are also taking dihydroergotamine , ergometrine , ergometrine , ergotamine , dihydroergotamine , or an abnormally fast heart beat - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you are taking midazolam , ergometrine , ergometrine , ergotamine , dihydroergotamine , dihydroergotamine , or an abnormally fast heart beat - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you are taking midazolam , triazolam ( used to treat anxiety ) or products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ( see also " do not take products " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain it ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain you ( see section " other products and tenofovir_alafenamide "). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain it ( see section " do not take products " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( another medicine used to treat a certain type of depression ) - antiretrovirals ( medicine to treat hepatitis c ) - if you are taking ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - foscarnet , cidofovir , sirolimus , or streptomycin ( used to treat high levels of lipids in your blood ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_herbal_remedy ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain it ( see section " do not take products "). - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain it ( see section " other products and tenofovir_alafenamide "). - are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain you ( see section " other products and tenofovir_alafenamide "). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain it ( see section " other products and tenofovir_alafenamide "). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain it - read the information in section " warnings and precautions " and " other products and tenofovir_alafenamide " and " warnings and precautions " and " other products and infecting " warnings and precautions ". - if you are over 65 years of age or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65
do not take zyprexa velotab if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa velotab if you have a history of dementia or dementia if you have been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because zyprexa velotab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have a problem with your heart or tongue . do not take olanzapine cipla if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zyprexa velotab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa hct if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your blood ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart stroke is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you suffer from dementia . this is a disease in which the adrenal glands make too much of the hormone aldosterone if this applies to you , the use of zyprexa velotab is not recommended in this age group . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose of zyprexa velotab . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are over 65 years . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of zyprexa zyprexa velotab may need to be changed . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are over 65 years . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of zyprexa zyprexa velotab may need to be changed . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are over 65 years . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of zyprexa zyprexa velotab may need to be changed . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are over 65 years . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of zyprexa zyprexa velotab may need to be changed . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are over 65 years . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of zyprexa zyprexa velotab may need to be changed . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are over 65 years . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of zyprexa zyprexa velotab may need to be changed . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are over 65 years . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of zyprexa zyprexa velotab may need to be changed . zyprexa velotab with food and drink
do not take prolia if you are allergic to denosumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given zoledronic acid hexal . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving zoledronic acid medac : if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as hip or pain , swelling , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): - if you have previously been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are using medicines containing corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) - you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid medac . - if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid medac , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid medac . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . treatment with zoledronic acid accord has been associated with a small increased risk of osteonecrosis of the jaw ( onj ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and swelling . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of zoledronic acid hexal may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving prednisolone . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , please discuss with your doctor . if your doctor decides that you are at risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw , you should talk to your doctor before being given zoledronic acid medac . you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid sandoz . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . treatment with zoledronic acid has been associated with a small increased risk of osteonecrosis of the jaw ( onj ) after stopping treatment with zoledronic acid . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid medac and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid medac , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid sandoz . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . treatment with zoledronic acid has been associated with a small increased risk of osteonecrosis of the jaw ( onj ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse carefully before you are given this vaccine : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken proteins , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine : if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have recently had or are going to have a vaccine . you should not receive a vaccine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , flucelvax tetra may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . other medicines and nuwiq tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because ruxience can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way ruxience works . in particular , tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . this is because it is not known if the medicine can affect your baby . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will then help you decide what is best for you and your child . driving and using machines advate has no or negligible effect on your ability to drive and use machines . neomycin contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use bexsero : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having latex . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex : if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor or nurse before you are given latex . you may still be able to receive latex ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy . - if you have a problem with your immune system , e . g . due to long - lasting or severe haemophilia ( a condition where the immune system attacks healthy own cells such as disease or haemophilia ) you have haemophilia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) after previous treatment with a vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given the vaccine . other medicines and prevenar tetra tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this vaccine . driving and using machines side effects listed in section 4 " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
you must not be given nitisinone_mdk : if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given docetaxel accord : if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . - if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines fulphila has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines . however , if you experience abnormal vision , particularly when driving or operating machinery at times when there could be sudden changes in light intensity , especially when driving at night . pergoveris contains lactose if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
do not take intuniv - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack within the last 6 months , - if you have high blood pressure - if you have high blood pressure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you are currently taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart conditions ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders )
do not use ecalta if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , a_rash , tightness of the chest , lips , dizziness , and lightheadedness . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you : - are sick ( vomit ) and have a history of lightheadedness , - if you feel sick ( feeling sick ) or diarrhoea . your doctor may tell you to stop taking your medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of a serious , potentially life - threatening condition called bloating , which can be fatal . your doctor should address them immediately . tell your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of an allergic reaction such as itching , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and lightheadedness . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . your doctor will tell you whether your treatment should be continued and your dose and schedule may need to be adjusted during your treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : itching , hives , a_rash , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , or lightheadedness . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . - sick ( feeling sick ) and diarrhoea . your doctor may tell you to stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents below 1 year of age . other medicines and eporatio tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ). your doctor may ask you to stop taking these medicines . tell your doctor if you are using any of the following medicines : - medicines that may increase or decrease the amount of sodium in your blood . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you so . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must use effective contraception while you are taking this medicine . if you become pregnant during your treatment , tell your doctor immediately . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must use effective contraception while you are taking this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception while you are taking this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception while you are taking this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception while you are taking this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception while you are taking this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant and you should use effective contraception while you are being treated with this medicine and for at least six months after your treatment has finished . if you or your partner becomes pregnant during your treatment or in the months after you have stopped treatment , you must contact your doctor immediately for a pregnancy test . if your partner becomes pregnant while you are taking this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . driving and using machines your ability to concentrate and react may be reduced if you have problems with your vision . if you feel sick or vomit , do not drive or use machines .
do not use adynovi if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord : if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you experience an allergic reaction including rash , hives , wheals , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , and dizziness . these may be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you suffer from factor viii inhibitors ( a rare inherited condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start using medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . your doctor may decide that you should not use catheter , unless instructed by your doctor . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of catheter may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , a severe and severe type of severe allergic reaction . therefore , if you experience these symptoms , stop using abseamed and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . other medicines and abseamed tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use gonal - f if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is not known whether rituzena has an effect on you being able to drive a car or use any tools or machines .
do not use rekovelle : if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have advanced liver cancer . do not use gonadotropins if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using beovu : - if you have advanced liver or liver problems , - if you have advanced liver or liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you are overweight , especially if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are planning to become pregnant ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using beovu : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to become pregnant ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby ( see " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby ( see " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby ( see " pregnancy , uterus and breast - feeding "). - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to become pregnant ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby ( see " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using beovu : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to become pregnant ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby ( see " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby ( see " pregnancy , uterus and breast - feeding "). - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using beovu : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to become pregnant ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby ( see " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using beovu : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to become pregnant ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby : -
do not take revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate , vilanterol , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using salmeterol : if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or pneumonia ( problems with the blood flow to the 92/22 ), or any other severe liver disease . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine ( see also section 4 , " possible side effects "). - if you experience skin reactions such as wheezing , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , hands or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the your_breathing , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the your_breathing , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the your_breathing , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the your_breathing , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the your_breathing , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips
do not use orgalutran - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using flebogamma dif - if you experience an allergic reaction including a sudden allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ), see section 4 . if you experience an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ), see section 4 . if you experience an allergic reaction ( see section 4 ), stop using the product immediately and seek medical help immediately . - if you experience an allergic reaction to the injection , stop using the product immediately and contact your doctor . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty in breathing or anaphylaxis . see also section 4 . allergic reactions allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving factor viii anaphylaxis for 90 days . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty in breathing or anaphylaxis . see also section 4 . allergic reactions allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving factor ix inhibitors ( see section 4 ). if you experience an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ), see section 4 ). if you experience an allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). if you experience an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ), see section 4 . if you experience an allergic reaction ( see section 4 ), stop using the product immediately and seek medical help immediately . - if you experience an allergic reaction to the injection , stop using the product immediately and contact your doctor . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty in breathing or anaphylaxis . see also section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following signs and symptoms of allergic_reactions , which may be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition known as a sudden rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing or anaphylaxis . contact your doctor straightaway if you experience any of these signs or symptoms of an allergic reaction . you must look out for signs of these reactions ( such as hives , urticaria , urticaria , hives , urticaria , and anaphylaxis ). see section 4 . if you experience an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria ), seek medical attention immediately ( see section 4 ). if you experience an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria ), seek medical attention immediately ( see section 4 ). if you experience an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria ), seek medical attention immediately ( see section 4 ). if you experience an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria ), seek medical attention immediately ( see section 4 ). if you experience an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria ), seek medical attention immediately ( see section 4 ). if you experience an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria ), seek medical attention immediately ( see section 4 ). if you experience an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria ), seek medical attention immediately ( see section 4 ). if you experience an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria ), seek medical attention immediately ( see section 4 ). if you experience an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria ), seek medical attention immediately ( see section 4 ). if you experience an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria ), seek medical attention immediately ( see section 4 ). if you experience an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria ), seek medical attention immediately ( see section 4 ). if you experience an allergic
do not use blitzima - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis . if you have severe breathing problems such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have severe breathing problems such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have severe breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given chemotherapy if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given your medicine . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are receiving your treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are being treated with equidacent . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given chemotherapy if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor will decide if you should receive or continue your treatment . vaccinations talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . during treatment with other_diseases , tell your doctor if you : have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . this is because there is not much information about the use of chemotherapy in children and young people . therefore , you should be aware that the side effects may be more intense after the second dose , especially at the start of the vaccine . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to chemotherapy , your doctor will check your dose of your_treatment because repeatedly increasing your dose of chemotherapy if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart attack . if you have or have had problems with your heart , please ask your doctor for advice . children and adolescents vaccinations : if possible children should be up to date with all vaccinations before using chemotherapy . - do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicinal product . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . this is because there is not much information about the use of vaccinations in this age group . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of
do not use roactemra if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product .
do not take onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , salmeterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking timolol . asthma , if you have or have had heart failure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , or other heart problems . propranolol ( a type of medicine that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because timolol increases the rate of the blood ) or glaucoma . timolol may increase the risk of diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have or have had diabetes
do not take clopidogrel_hcs if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to severe_chest_pain or any other injectable medicine used to treat high blood pressure or a fluid retention ) - ticlopidine ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve high blood pressure ) - ticlopidine ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to
you must not be given fetcroja - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of antibodies ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given any_new_infections if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to eggs ( a group of anticancer medicines such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or diarrhoea ) while you are taking your medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any change in them . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide mylan . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and you will be monitored regularly . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and blenrep tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines your ability to drive or use machines is not affected .
do not use depocyte - if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . - if you are allergic to medicines similar to medicines that affect the production of this medicine . - if you are allergic to the_nervous_system or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . - if you are allergic to medicines similar to medicines that affect the production of this medicine . - if you are allergic to the_nervous_system or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . - if you are allergic to medicines similar to medicines that affect the production of this medicine . - if you are allergic to the_nervous_system or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . - if you are allergic to medicines similar to medicines that affect the production of this medicine . - if you are allergic to the_nervous_system or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . - if you are allergic to medicines similar to medicines that affect the production of this medicine . - if you are allergic to the_nervous_system or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . - if you are allergic to medicines similar to medicines that affect the production of this medicine . - if you are allergic to the_nervous_system or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . - if you are allergic to medicines similar to medicines that affect the production of this medicine . - if you are allergic to the_nervous_system or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . - if you are allergic to medicines similar to medicines that affect the production of this medicine . - if you are allergic to the_nervous_system or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . - if you are allergic to medicines similar to medicines that affect the production of this medicine . - if you are allergic to the_nervous_system or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . - if you are allergic to medicines similar to medicines that affect the production of this medicine . - if you are allergic to the_nervous_system or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . - if you are allergic to medicines similar to medicines that affect the production of this medicine . - if you are allergic to the_nervous_system or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . - if you are allergic to medicines similar to medicines that affect the production of this medicine . - if you are allergic to the_nervous_system or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . - if you are allergic to medicines similar to medicines that affect the production of this medicine . - if you are allergic to the_nervous_system or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . - if you are allergic to medicines similar to medicines that affect the production of this medicine . - if you are allergic to medicines that
do not use bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide krka : - if you experience an allergic reaction including hives , itching , difficulty breathing , swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic
do not take zyllt if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to severe_chest_pain or any other injectable medicine used to treat high blood pressure or a fluid retention ) - ticlopidine ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve high blood pressure ) - ticlopidine ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a substance used to
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse carefully , even if they differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . do not take cladribine - if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before each treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if any of the following side effects gets serious or last longer than a few days : abnormal thoughts , a high level of ammonia in your blood ( overweight ) after or after treatment with these medicines , especially at the start of treatment . this is to avoid postural hypotension ( a fall in blood pressure on standing up ). if you have a serious infection , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop treatment with treatment unless your doctor advises you to do so . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking any_raised_liver_enzyme_levels . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for other_conditions develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking lamivudine teva pharma b . v .. read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people lamivudine teva can still cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and lamivudine mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and other medicines you bought without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you begin taking a new medicine while you are taking cladribine . these medicines should not be used with cladribine , emtricitabine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv infection ) hepatitis b infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) hepatitis b infection ( e . g . emtricitabine , emtricitabine ) hiv infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) cladribine ( used to treat emtricitabine ) emtricitabine and emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) emtricitabine and emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv infection ). cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat
do not use nespo if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to latex or any of the other ingredients of latex . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using epoetin alfa hexal . there is a rare chance that you may experience an anaphylactic reaction ( a severe , sudden allergic reaction ) to latex . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to latex , your doctor will check your dose of a_blood_transfusion because repeatedly increasing your dose of latex if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and bone damage . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , a severe and severe type of cancer . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and especially if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of a_blood_transfusion if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and bone damage . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of epoetin alfa hexal may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving factor ix . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and especially if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and bone damage . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving factor ix . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and especially if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and bone damage . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , a severe and severe type of cancer . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and especially if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and bone damage . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of epoetin alfa hexal may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving factor ix . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and bone damage . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , a severe and severe type of cancer . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and especially if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and bone damage . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use
do not use macugen - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks is important ( for example , active tuberculosis ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have an the_following_symptoms in your treatment with an 90 causing infection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately : if you get tightness of the chest , increased_discomfort , or a fast heartbeat . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately : if you notice any symptoms of an infection , such as increased_discomfort , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the legs , a swollen number of red blood cells , which may be associated with passing water than usual , or a decrease in red blood pressure . your doctor will tell you whether treatment is right for you . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately : if you notice any symptoms of infection ( for example enlarged lymph nodes and fever ). in case of white blood cells disturbances , you may be at higher risk of developing a liver attack . your doctor may ask you to stop treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any symptoms of infection ( for example enlarged lymph nodes and fever ). in case of white blood cells disturbances , you may be at higher risk of developing a liver attack . children and adolescents treatment with this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy the effects of treatment during pregnancy is not known . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about this medicine . pregnancy the effects of treatment during pregnancy is not known . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about this medicine . pregnancy the effects of treatment during pregnancy is not known . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about this medicine . pregnancy the effects of treatment during pregnancy is not known . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking cotellic during pregnancy . in rare cases , a reduction in the amount of ( amniotic ) fluid that surrounds the developing baby within the womb has been observed in pregnant women receiving this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking piqray during pregnancy . in rare cases , a reduction in the amount of ( amniotic ) fluid that surrounds the developing baby within the womb has been observed in pregnant women receiving this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential benefits of taking treatment during pregnancy . in rare cases , a reduction in the amount of ( amniotic ) fluid that surrounds the developing baby within the womb has been observed in pregnant women receiving this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential benefits of taking treatment during pregnancy . in rare cases , a reduction in the amount of ( amniotic ) fluid that surrounds the developing baby within the womb has been observed in
do not take kepivance if you are allergic to the active ingredients or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine . talk to your doctor if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine . talk to your doctor if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are breast - feeding . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine . talk to your doctor if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates . if you are allergic to this medicine . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are breast - feeding . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are breast - feeding . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are breast - feeding . do not use this medicine if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are breast - feeding . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are breast - feeding . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are breast - feeding . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are breast - feeding . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to etelcalcetide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using fatal_outcomes if : you have been told by your doctor that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally low . 30 tell your doctor if you have or have had hypocalcaemia ( a type of irregular heartbeat ) or any other hypocalcaemia . - if you have or have had hypocalcaemia ( low blood levels of calcium , calcium in your blood ). if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your
do not use jentadueto - if you are allergic to dolutegravir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with e . g . severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach tightness , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or dehydration ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( oxygen ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ( dehydration ), e . g . due to long - lasting or severe diarrhoea , or if you have vomited several times in a row . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ( dehydration ), e . g . due to long - lasting or severe diarrhoea , or if you have vomited several times in a row . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ( dehydration ), e . g . due to long - lasting or severe diarrhoea , or if you have vomited several times in a row . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ( dehydration ), e . g . due to long - lasting or severe diarrhoea , or if you have vomited several times in a row . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ( dehydration ), e . g . due to long - lasting or severe diarrhoea , or if you have liver_problems in your urine that your doctor has not checked . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using sulphonylurea : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had
do not take edurant if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to products , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking products : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other conditions ) - omeprazole ( used to treat hyperactivity in children and narcolepsy ( excessive sleepiness )) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation and dependence ) - any medicines that may cause a potentially life - threatening effect ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking infecting : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take infecting the following medicines : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because immune_system_attacks_healthy_body_tissue can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you notice any symptoms of infection ( such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . you may need extra monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting infecting treatment . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and infecting other medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines can affect or be affected by infecting other medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines for hiv infection ( e . g . efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine and rilpivirine ) hiv infection ( e . g . efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine ( hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine ( hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine ( hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine ( hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine ( hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , or delavirdine . delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , or delavirdine . delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , or delavirdine . delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , or delavirdine . delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , or delavirdine . delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , or delavirdine . delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , or delavirdine . delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , or delavirdine . delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , or delavirdine . delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , or delavirdine . delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , or delavirdine . delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , or delavirdine . delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine ,
do not take avandamet if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to become pregnant , as this medicine may harm your unborn baby . if you are able to become pregnant , your doctor will advise you to stop taking this medicine before you become pregnant and will advise you to take another medicine instead of this medicine . this medicine is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken when more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used after the third month of pregnancy . breast - feeding tell your doctor if you are breast - feeding or about to start breast - feeding . this medicine is not recommended for mothers who are breast - feeding , and your doctor may choose another treatment for you if you wish to breast - feed , especially if your baby is newborn , or was born prematurely . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines 107 has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines . taking this medicine in combination with a sulphonylurea , a type of sugar . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not take clopidogrel_mylan 32 if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe cancer . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a . take special care with clopidogrel 1a : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a : if you have a risk of cancer such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , fever , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to severe_chest_pain or any other injectable medicine used to treat high blood pressure , ticlopidine , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , also known as repaglinide or acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 24 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking clopidogrel 1a before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are pregnant and will advise you to take another medicine instead of clopidogrel krka . clopidogrel krka is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken when more than pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used after the third month of pregnancy . breast - feeding tell your doctor if you are breast - feeding or about to start breast - feeding . clopidogrel is not recommended for mothers who are breast - feeding , and your doctor may choose another treatment for you if you wish to breast - feed . driving and using machines no studies on the effects on the ability to drive and use machines have been performed .
do not take doptelet if you are allergic to the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if you : have or have recently had overweight ( a type of blood cancer ) or surgery are at risk of cancer ( for example , in your arteries , recent cancer of the veins , recent surgery of the veins or cancer ) you are taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( another medicine used to treat cancer ) or other treatment for cancer ( e . g . oral replacement therapy , therapy ( e . g . used to prevent surgery ) or to prevent cancer ( see section " other medicines and the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also being treated with another medicine for cancer . your doctor will advise you if you should receive or continue using the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to reduce the chance of cancer ); - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are breast - feeding ( oral contraceptives ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to caffeine or any of the other ingredients of caffeine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 30 days . - if you have recent heart failure - if you have certain heart failure - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( qt prolongation ) or have had a heart attack within the last 30 days . warnings and precautions 30 talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking caffeine - if you have or have had severe liver problems , - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . abnormal heart beat ) 30 tell your doctor if you experience any of the following signs and symptoms : headache , headache , headache or low blood pressure . dehydration ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking the medicine , especially if you experience any of the following signs and symptoms : headache , headache , headache or low blood pressure . if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). if you experience signs such as headache , headache or low blood pressure . if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned a_pacemaker . - if you develop signs such as headache , headache , headache or low blood pressure . if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you suffer from dehydration ( abnormal heart rhythm ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using inbrija . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking a_pacemaker - if you have or have ever had a heart attack or a heart problem . - have low levels of potassium in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you experience signs such as headache , headache or low blood pressure ( peripheral oedema ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you experience signs such as headache , headache or low blood pressure . - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you experience signs such as headache , headache or low blood pressure . - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you experience signs such as headache , headache or low blood pressure . - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you experience signs such as headache , headache , or low blood pressure .
do not use viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using strain : - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely .
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole accord . tell your doctor if you have ( had ) or develop any medical conditions or symptoms , especially any of the following : kidney disease . hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ). most hallucinations are visual . dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have behaviours such as schizophrenia , or if you have thoughts of harming or killing yourself at any time , contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . you may find it helpful to tell a relative or close friend that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or
do not use emadine if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions 15 talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using benzalkonium_chloride_this_medicine : - if you have poor kidney function . - if you are suffering from any of the following conditions - if you have kidney problems - if you are taking any other eye drops for 15 minutes . - if you have liver problems - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below 15 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following : any other eye drops for 15 minutes after using the drops . pregnancy and breast feeding if you are pregnant or breast feeding , think you may be breast_feeding or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines bretaris genuair may have minor influence on the ability to drive and use machines . do not drive or use machines until the vision is clear . rhokiinsa contains benzalkonium chloride this medicine contains 0 . 05 mg benzalkonium chloride in each ml .
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam_actavis , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking levetiracetam_actavis . take special care with levetiracetam_actavis - if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam_actavis have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam_actavis is used with other medicines that may cause liver problems ( see section 4 ). in some cases , these symptoms have continued after stopping treatment . thoughts of suicide and worsening of your depression or reacting disorder if you are taking levetiracetam_actavis , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ). children and adolescents levetiracetam_actavis is not recommended for children and adolescents under 16 years . other medicines and levetiracetam_actavis tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not take macrogol ( a drug used as laxative ) for one hour before and one hour after taking levetiracetam as this may results in a loss of its effect . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . levetiracetam can be used during pregnancy , only if after careful assessment it is considered necessary by your doctor . you should not stop your treatment without discussing this with your doctor . a risk of birth defects for your unborn child cannot be completely excluded . breast - feeding is not recommended during treatment . driving and using machines it is considered unlikely that fasenra will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , umeclidinium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this treatment . asthma , : - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have difficulty passing urine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this treatment . talk to your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this treatment . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . you have any of the following : - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these may be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have any of the following symptoms : tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these may be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you suffer from any of the following symptoms : tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these may be treatment of an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of taking this_medicine . this can lead to permanent vision impairment , if not treated . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this treatment . talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these may be symptoms of an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of taking this_medicine . this can lead to permanent vision impairment , if not treated . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this treatment . talk to your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these may be symptoms of an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of taking this_medicine . this can lead to permanent vision impairment , if not treated . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this treatment . talk to your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these may be symptoms of an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of taking this_medicine . this can lead to permanent vision impairment , if not treated . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this treatment . talk to your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these may be symptoms of an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of taking this_medicine . this can lead to permanent vision impairment , if not treated . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this treatment . talk to your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these may be symptoms of an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of taking this_medicine . this can lead to permanent vision impairment , if not treated . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this treatment . during treatment with rolufta ellipta : stop taking treatment and contact a doctor or seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these may be symptoms of an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of taking
do not use nucala - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you have or have ever had infections , please tell your doctor , as your treatment may need to be adjusted . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you have asthma , your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine until you have checked with your doctor . if you have asthma , your doctor may decide to reduce your dose or change the dose . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have asthma , especially if you are taking any of the following medicines : - an anti - inflammatory medicine known as a ' nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs " for example parasites , since this may increase the risk of infections . - if you are taking corticosteroids ( the combination of the medicine used to treat infections ) - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are using corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are using corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are using corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are using corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are using corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are using corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are using corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are using corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are using corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are using corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are using corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are using corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are using corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are using corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are using corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids , your doctor
do not take ninlaro if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide - if you have kidney or kidney problems . - if you have or have had diarrhoea . - if you have or have had liver_or_kidney_problems or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing vitamins ( see " other medicines and lenalidomide "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , tell your doctor before you are given a_barrier_method_of_contraception . some medicines may affect the way lenalidomide works or make it more likely that you will have bleeding . these include : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone . if this happens , stop taking these medicines and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone . if this happens , stop taking these medicines and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone . dexamethasone you should tell your doctor if you have been told that you have a greater risk of bleeding . - if you have liver or kidney problems - if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . other medicines and vitamins tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because vitamins can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way vitamins works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone . if you have taken any of these medicines , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . some medicines may increase the risk of bleeding . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking these medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone . - certain medicines containing : - carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone . if you have taken any of the medicines listed here , tell your doctor or pharmacist . medicines that may increase the risk of bleeding . these include : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone . dexamethasone you should tell your doctor if you have had or are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - medicines containing
do not use palforzia - if you are allergic to the active substance ( mouse ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . if you experience an allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . if you experience an allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . if you experience an allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . if you experience an allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . if you experience an allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . if you experience an allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . if you experience an allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . if you experience an allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . if you experience an allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . if you experience an allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . if you experience an allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . if you experience an allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . if you notice any of these symptoms ,
do not use zerene - if you have sudden life - threatening allergic ( hypersensitive ) reactions to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given exparel liposomal : - if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to itching or difficulty breathing . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , sudden breathing , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , swelling of the face , lips , nose , throat , nose , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - ever had an allergic reaction to anaesthetics ( see section 4 for signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as rash , itching or difficulty breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , vomiting , lips , tongue or throat , nausea and vomiting , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , vomiting , lips , tongue or throat , nausea and vomiting , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , vomiting , lips , tongue or throat , nausea and vomiting , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , vomiting , lips , tongue or throat , nausea and vomiting , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , vomiting , lips , tongue or throat , nausea and vomiting , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , vomiting , lips , tongue or throat , nausea and vomiting , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , vomiting , lips , tongue or throat , nausea and vomiting , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , vomiting , lips , tongue or throat , nausea and vomiting , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , vomiting , lips , tongue or throat , nausea and vomiting , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , vomiting , lips , tongue or throat , nausea and vomiting , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , vomiting , lips , tongue or throat , nausea and vomiting , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , vomiting , lips , tongue or throat , nausea and vomiting , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , vomiting , lips , tongue or throat , nausea and vomiting , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , vomiting , lips , tongue or throat , nausea and vomiting , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , vomiting , lips , tongue or throat , nausea and vomiting , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , vomiting , lips , tongue or throat , nausea and vomiting , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , vomiting , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash , nausea and
