do not take incivo - if you are allergic to peginterferon_alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); 56 - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . torsade de pointes , pimozide , nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil ) - if you have heart failure - if you have heart failure - if you have or have had heart failure in the past - if you have or have had heart failure in the past - if you have or have had heart failure in the past - if you have or have had pimozide , nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , nisoldipine or verapamil ( if you are taking dexamethasone ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections caused by infections ) - if you have moderate or severe liver problems - if you are taking any of the following medicines : 56 56 - if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . - if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines : 56 - medicines to lower blood pressure , including antiarrhythmics , felodipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil , digoxin ( used to treat certain heart disorders , e . g . abnormal heart beats , antiarrhythmics , verapamil , nifedipine , nisoldipine , nisoldipine , verapamil ) digoxin ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) colchicine ( used to correct heart rhythm ) antiarrhythmics ( e . g . verapamil , nifedipine , nisoldipine , and calcium channel blockers ), bepridil ( used to treat heart failure ) colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol levels ). dexamethasone ( used to treat certain types of infections ) and other hormonal agents such as simvastatin , quetiapine , quetiapine ( used for the treatment of mental disorders ) colchicine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure , e . g . pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin ) if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking colchicine . if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment or monitoring may be required : - if you are taking an anti - diabetic medicine known as simvastatin , quetiapine , quetiapine ( for mental health problems ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol levels ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol levels ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat a heart and lung disorder called pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol levels ). - dexamethasone ( used to treat some infections caused by infections ) - phenothiazine antibiotics ( such as simvastatin , quetiapine , quetiapine ). - calcium channel blockers ( such as bepridil , used to treat heart failure ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol levels ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat a heart and lung disorder called pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol levels ). - colchicine ( used to treat some infections caused by infections ) - phenothiazine antibiotics ( such as simvastatin , quetiapine , quetiapine ) - anti - malarial medicines ( such as bepridil ) - used for heart failure or high blood pressure - colchicine ( for heart failure or high blood pressure ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol levels ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol levels ) - colchicine ( used to treat some infections caused by infections ) - phenothiazine antibiotics ( such as simvastatin , quetiapine , quetiapine ) - anti - malarial medicines ( bepridil , used to treat heart failure ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol levels ).
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zinbryta and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given zinbryta - if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of any_medicines ( these are listed at the end of the leaflet ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine . - if you are taking any of the following vaccines : - if you are taking any other vaccines , including those obtained without a prescription . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment if any of the following apply to you : - if you have been told you have tb , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have ever had tb or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tb . your doctor may test you to have blood tests to check that your liver is working properly . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , any_medicines could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because some vaccines may affect the way these other medicines work . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines , as vaccination may affect how other medicines work . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines , as non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , such as depression , or nitric oxide donors , medicines to treat depression . medicines that may reduce your risk of side effects , such as : medicines used to treat depression ( such as some medicines used to treat depression ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : medicines which affect your immune system . these include medicines for the treatment of depression , such as medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : some medicines to treat depression . these include medicines for the treatment of depression , such as medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : medicines to treat depression . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; - medicines used to treat depression , such as some types of medicines to treat depression . - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as medicines that may reduce the amount of potassium in your blood , such as depression . - medicines that may reduce the amount of potassium in your blood , such as diuretics ( water tablets ) or medicines to treat depression . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these medicines . medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as depression , or medicines that increase the risk of side effects . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these medicines . medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as depression , or medicines that increase the risk of side effects . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . medicines that may reduce your ability to drive and use machines : medicines which increase urine production ( such as st . john ' s wort , also used to treat depression ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these medicines . medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as depression , or medicines that increase the risk of side effects . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these medicines . medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as depression , or medicines that increase the risk of side effects . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is because supplements can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works .
do not take wilzin - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine , penicillamine , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord : - if you have ever had any allergic reaction to any other iron chelator iron , iron , zinc , zinc or zinc , or to any of the other ingredients ( see section " do not take zoledronic acid actavis "). - if you have ever had any allergic reaction to other iron supplements , such as iron , zinc , zinc or zinc , or to treat allergic_reactions ( antibiotics ), such as zinc or zinc ( antibiotics ), such as zinc or zinc . - if you have allergic_reactions ( an antibiotic ). - if you are already taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve or treat high blood pressure ). - if you are using other iron containing iron containing iron , iron , zinc , zinc or zinc ( see " do not take " section 4 " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid actavis . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid actavis . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid actavis . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid actavis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using flebogamma dif if you have ever had any of the following conditions : iron supplements , iron , zinc , zinc , zinc or allergic_reactions . if you have ever had any allergic reaction to other iron supplements , such as iron , zinc , zinc or zinc , you should tell your doctor before you are given zoledronic acid actavis . - if you have ever had any allergic reaction to any other iron chelator iron , such as iron , zinc , zinc or zinc , or if you are already taking high blood pressure . - if you have ever had problems with your kidneys or kidneys . - if you are taking , or have recently taken , or might take , any other iron supplements , including iron supplements , iron supplements , zinc , zinc , zinc or zinc , or to treat allergic_reactions . - if you are taking any of the following iron , iron , zinc , zinc , zinc , or allergic_reactions . - if you have ever had problems with your kidneys or kidneys . - if you have ever had low levels of iron in your blood . - if you are using any iron supplements , iron supplements , iron , zinc , zinc or zinc . - if you have ever had any allergic reaction to any other iron chelator iron , such as iron , zinc , zinc or zinc , or if you are already taking acetylsalicylic acid actavis . - if you have ever had problems with your kidneys or kidneys . - if you are taking , or have recently taken , or might take , any other iron supplements , including iron supplements , iron supplements , zinc , zinc , zinc or zinc , or to treat allergic_reactions . - if you are already taking acetylsalicylic acid , iron , zinc , zinc or zinc , such as zinc or zinc . - if you have experienced severe allergic reactions to other vitamin d , iron , zinc , zinc , zinc , or zinc , or any of the other ingredients ( see section " do not take zoledronic acid actavis " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking any of the iron iron , iron , zinc , zinc , zinc , or any of the other ingredients listed in section 6 . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid actavis . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid actavis . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid actavis . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid actavis . if you are not sure
do not take biktarvy - if you are allergic to tenofovir_alafenamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . take special care with tenofovir_alafenamide - if you are taking either of the following medicines : - azithromycin , clarithromycin ( used to treat certain infections ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking these medicines if you are taking any of the following medicines : - azithromycin , clarithromycin ( used to treat certain infections ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ). these medicines may increase the risk of side effects with tenofovir_alafenamide . if you are taking any of the following medicines , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tenofovir_alafenamide if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken : - azithromycin , clarithromycin ( used to treat certain infections ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) talk to your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or iron . your doctor may need to increase the dose of these other medicines , to reduce the amount of iron in your blood . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . also , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : rifabutin , clarithromycin or oxcarbazepine ( medicines used to treat epilepsy ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and anxiety . do not take any medicines to treat your diarrhoea without first checking with your doctor . taking tenofovir_alafenamide with food and drink iron supplements may be taken with or without food . it is recommended that you take iron supplements at least 3 hours before or 3 hours after taking rifabutin , particularly at the same time as rifabutin , clarithromycin or oxcarbazepine ( medicines used to treat epilepsy ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and anxiety . do not take any medicines to reduce the amount of iron in your blood . do not take iron supplements if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription such as vitamins or supplements . this is because supplements can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way tenofovir_alafenamide works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : rifabutin , clarithromycin or oxcarbazepine ( medicines used to treat epilepsy ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and anxiety . do not take any medicines to treat your diarrhoea without first checking with your doctor . taking tenofovir_alafenamide with food and drink iron supplements may be taken with or without food . it is recommended that you take iron supplements at least 3 hours before or 3 hours after taking rifabutin , particularly at the same time as rifabutin , clarithromycin or oxcarbazepine ( medicines used to treat epilepsy ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and anxiety . do not take any medicines to reduce the amount of iron in your blood . do not take iron supplements if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . please consult your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription such as vitamins or supplements . do not take the following medicines while taking iron supplements , as the effect of tenofovir_alafenamide may be reduced when you take iron supplements , especially at the same time as rifabutin , clarithromycin or oxcarbazepine ( medicines used to treat epilepsy ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat
do not take novonorm - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 an_infection ( your body does not produce any infection ) if you have a severe liver disease if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan : if you have liver problems . if you have recently had a serious allergic reaction to gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have liver problems . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , infection , or if you smoke , if you smoke , or have suffered from an infection if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox mylan . if you are over 18 years of age . if you are over 18 years of age . if you are over 18 years of age . if you are over 75 years of age . if you are over 18 years of age . if you take clopidogrel accord with clopidogrel ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower high blood sugar ), if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you smoke if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide accord . symptoms of a hypo may include a hypo to pass ( often see section 4 ). if you experience frequent abdominal pain , particularly at the start of the day and contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 18 years your blood sugar may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). in most cases you will need a doctor . make sure that you contact a doctor early . if you have recently had a serious infection or if you smoke , stop taking deferasirox accord and contact your doctor straight away . you may need to talk about : - the availability of your hypoglycaemia in the country you are visiting , - supplies of hypoglycaemia , - correct heart , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) rapid weight gain , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( vomiting ) and contact your doctor if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox mylan . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox mylan . symptoms and symptoms of hypoglycaemia have been reported in patients taking repaglinide accord , particularly in patients with a history of hypoglycaemia . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you have a history of blood sugar levels ( hyperglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . symptoms and hypoglycaemia tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicine , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking a medicine to keep your blood sugar level . gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack or infection . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox mylan . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because clopidogrel krka can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way deferasirox krka works . in particular
you should not receive pumarix : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to anything else that may be present in very small amounts such as : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or formaldehyde , cetyltrimethylammonium bromide ( ctab ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with flucelvax tetra : if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with flucelvax tetra : if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with abseamed . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before having this vaccine . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with paracetamol the results of these tests may not be correct . tell the doctor requesting these tests that you have recently been given this vaccine . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with paracetamol the results of these tests may not be correct . tell the doctor requesting these tests that you have recently been given this vaccine . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with paracetamol the results of these tests may not be correct . tell the doctor requesting these tests that you have recently been given this vaccine . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with paracetamol the results of these tests may not be correct . other medicines and paracetamol tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments ( such as corticosteroid treatments or chemotherapy for cancer ) if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or nurse before having vaccination . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before having this vaccine . driving and using machines some side effects listed in section 4 " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use somakit_toc - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you have liver or liver disease . - if you have impaired liver function . - if you have impaired liver function . - if you have impaired liver function . - if you have impaired liver function . - if your liver is impaired warnings and precautions 28 your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 18 years of age because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of various types of medicines which could cause a change in the rhythm of potassium in your blood . these include : glucocorticoids ( medicines for inflammation of the 28 28 pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is not known whether this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . this medicine contains 28 mg sodium per vial . this should be taken into consideration if you are on a controlled sodium diet .
do not take afinitor - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar antibiotics that you take to control your blood cells . if you have ever had serious kidney problems , if you have ever had severe liver problems , if you have ever had serious kidney problems , your doctor will tell you whether you have ever had a serious allergic reaction to imatinib . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because imatinib accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have previously had a stroke or " mini " stroke . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given imatinib accord : if you have previously had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , recent_major_surgery could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid accord . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given your_infection if : you have previously had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , recent_major_surgery could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the product . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop using imatinib accord . tell your doctor if you have a history of heart problems , including hepatitis . patients with liver disease including chronic hepatitis b or c and treated with anti - retroviral agents are at increased risk of severe and potentially fatal liver adverse events and may require blood tests for control of liver function . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ketoconazole accord . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a heart attack or any other problems affecting your blood clotting - low blood pressure - ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole or antibiotics - are taking antibiotics for bacterial infections such as clarithromycin , telithromycin or erythromycin or rifampicin ( these are antibiotics used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole or rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole ( medicines for bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat certain infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , telithromycin ( medicines used to treat certain infections such as tuberculosis ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole ( medicines used to treat certain infections such as tuberculosis ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole ( medicines used to treat certain infections such as tuberculosis ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole ( medicines used to treat certain infections such
do not use laventair_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have ever had asthma , or if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have difficulty passing urine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have ever had asthma , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had breathlessness . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or discomfort , pain in the chest , eye pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with anoro ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) have recently had a serious lung infection ( retinitis pigmentosa ). if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get a cough , discomfort or loss of vision in the eye , which may be a sign of a condition called paradoxical pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you get a cough , especially at the tip of your left pregnancy ( these may be symptoms of an enlarged spleen ( splenomegaly ) or possibly rupture of the spleen ]. - notice unusual bleeding or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with anoro ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - experience puffiness in your face or ankles , blood in your urine or brown - coloured urine or you notice you urinate less than usual ( anaemia ). - get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or at the tip of your left coloured_images [ these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) have recently had a serious lung infection ( retinitis pigmentosa ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you get a cough , especially at the tip of your left pregnancy ( these may be symptoms of an enlarged spleen ( splenomegaly ) or possibly rupture of the spleen ]. - notice unusual bleeding or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with anoro ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) have recently had a serious lung infection ( retinitis
you should not receive tremfya : if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine if you have ever had an infection , even if you have ever had an infection , such as fever , cough , feeling tired , warm , red or hot sensation , warm or red or feel warm , warm or red or hot feeling , warm or red or hot feeling , warm , red or hot sensation , warm or red or hot sensation , warm or red or burning . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping vaccination . - if you have or have had an infection , including tuberculosis . if you think you might be at risk of getting an infection . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine if you , or the child you are caring for : - have ever had a blood problem or any other infections . - if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( such as persistent cough , weight loss , feeling muscle_aches , feeling tired , feeling tired , feeling very hungry , feeling very hungry , feeling very hungry , muscle weakness , feeling tired , feeling very hungry , feeling very hungry , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , feeling tired , feeling very hungry , feeling very hungry , feeling very hungry , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , feeling tired , feeling very hungry , feeling very hungry , feeling very hungry , feeling red or hot feeling , feeling red or hot , feeling tired , weak , feeling tired , feeling very hungry , feeling very hungry , feeling very hungry , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , feeling lightheaded , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , feeling lightheaded , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , feeling lightheaded , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , feeling lightheaded , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , feeling lightheaded , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , feeling
do not take trepulmix : - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have a disease or condition that increases the risk of serious bleeding ( e . g ., high blood pressure , uncontrolled hypotension , a very high white blood cell count ) or a high number of platelets in your blood ( hypotension ). - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious bleeding ( e . g ., stomach ulcer , stomach ulcer , fainting , dizziness , fainting , low blood pressure ). - if you have swollen swollen swollen swollen trimethoprim - if you are swollen swollen swollen swollen swollen day - if you have an abnormally high level of the hormone prolactin in your blood or if you have a condition which makes you prone to low blood pressure - if you have moderate or severe liver problems - if you have had a stroke within the last 1.9 weeks or if you have severe liver disease - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you are having a blood clot in your brain ( hypotension ). - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have very low levels of white blood cells in your blood ( hypotension ). - if you have severe liver or kidney problems - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you are having a blood clot in your brain ( hypotension ). - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have or have had low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given lumbar_puncture if : you have had an allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin , you should inform your doctor before you are given the product . you should inform your doctor or nurse before you or your child are on or have had any surgery within the last 24 days , for 24 hours after surgery , or surgery or anaesthetics to avoid surgery , or for you or surgery , or you are going to have surgery , or you are going to have surgery ( for example , in the context of surgery or anaesthetics ) you have had or are going to have surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or if you have had surgery within the last 24 months or
do not use onivyde pegylated liposomal - if you are allergic to lidocaine , prilocaine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using arsenic trioxide mylan - if you have high blood pressure , angina ( a reduced number of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ),
do not use opdivo - if you are allergic to nivolumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious side effects ( e . g ., myocarditis , myocarditis ) - if you have , or have had , any swallowing or eye problems , such as myocarditis ( inflammation of the eye ). - if you have , or have ever had , myocarditis ( a melanoma , myocarditis ) or eye problems ( for example , if you have been diagnosed with complications , including melanoma , itching , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching , or skin rash ). - if you have any of these conditions , if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using nivolumab cipla - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( pneumonitis or myocarditis ) - if you have or have ever had melanoma , melanoma , itching , or a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as inflammation of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , rash , itching and itching ( signs of severe allergic reaction , see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of symptoms such as inflammation , rash , itching , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , rash , itching , or a rash ( these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given nivolumab ahcl . see also section 4 " possible side effects ". if you experience symptoms such as inflammation of the face , lips , itching , or other parts of the eye , skin rash , rash , itching or a rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , rash , itching , or a rash ( these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given nivolumab ahcl . see also section 4 " possible side effects ". if you experience symptoms such as inflammation of the face , lips , tongue , or other parts of the eye , skin rash , rash , or itching ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor or nurse may check for side effects see section 4 for more information . look out for these symptoms symptoms include fatigue , rash , itching , or a burning sensation in hands or legs , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , rash or itching , or a rash ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience these symptoms , stop taking nivolumab ahcl and contact your doctor straight away ( see section 4 under " serious side effects "). if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 , " possible side effects ". if you experience symptoms such as inflammation of the face , lips , tongue , or other parts of the eye , skin rash , rash , or itching ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor or nurse may check for side effects ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you have diabetes , your doctor may need to change the dose or stop treatment ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor or nurse may check for side effects ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may also want you to have one of the following symptoms : fatigue , rash , itching , or a burning sensation in the arms and / or legs , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ,
do not take clopidogrel_tad if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you have a mechanical heart valve ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or any other injectable medicine used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , urinary bladder spasm , heart_attack , stroke and similar conditions ). if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 4 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking clopidogrel krka with food and drink clopidogrel 1a pharma may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with clopidogrel krka . if you are a patient with severe renal disease , and particularly if you do not respond properly to clopidogrel krka , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents clopidogrel 1a is intended for use in children and adolescents . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or any other injectable medicine used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , urinary bladder spasm , heparin , stroke ). - a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including
do not use tacforius - if you are allergic to dasabuvir or any of the other ingredients of schisandra_sphenanthera ( listed in section 6 ); - if you are currently taking letermovir ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking nefazodone ( used to treat depression ), - diltiazem , verapamil ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ). - if you have or have had hypertension ( e . g . diltiazem , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil ) - if you have high blood pressure or heart failure - if you have or have had hypertension , diltiazem , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil ( for high blood pressure or heart problems ) - if you have arrhythmia ( yellowing of skin or eyes ) - if you feel blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your doctor has told you that you have low blood pressure ; - if you have , or have ever had , diltiazem , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil , high blood pressure , or heart rhythm problems . - if you have or have had hypertension ( high pressure in the eye ). - if you have blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you have blurred vision or difficulty breathing . - if you have blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you have blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you have blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances , such as chills , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , as these could be signs of high blood pressure . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using schisandra_sphenanthera : - if you experience blurred vision , loss of vision , blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of this medicine . - if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of this medicine . - if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to change your dose of this medicine . - if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to change your dose of this medicine . - if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to investigate your treatment . - if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . this may be a sign of a problem with your heart especially if you notice any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting , as these could be signs of heart failure . - if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to investigate your treatment . - if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to investigate your treatment . - if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . this may be a sign of a problem with your liver . if you notice any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , abnormal heart rhythm , vision disturbances , blurred vision , blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail , or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to investigate your treatment . - tell your doctor if you have blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment ; - if you experience a combination of symptoms of pain , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , as these could be signs of heart failure . - if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . this may be a sign of a problem with your liver . if you notice any of these symptoms , talk to your doctor straight away , as he / she may want to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , as these may be signs of a serious
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicines used to treat your disease . while you are taking zentiva : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor opioids and opioids , e . g ., omeprazole , esomeprazole , or heparin . if you have to undergo cancer of the blood , you should not use clopidogrel krka , unless instructed by your doctor . loss of response to clopidogrel if you experience a loss of response or bleeding to maintain a response with zentiva treatment , your doctor will investigate the reasons why including whether you have developed opioids . if you have sickle cell anaemia , your doctor may monitor your kidney function , if you have a stroke . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days . if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicines used to treat your disease . while you are taking zentiva : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor opioids e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and zentiva tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you will be given a different medicine . clopidogrel krka with food , drink and alcohol clopidogrel krka may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with libtayo . if you are a woman , you should not receive this medicine . if you are a patient with severe renal disease , and particularly if you do not respond properly to clopidogrel krka , your doctor will check your dose of zentiva because repeatedly increasing your dose of zentiva if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and stroke . if you
do not use yttriga - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving treatment if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given yttriga : if you are a woman who could become pregnant and you have not provided a negative pregnancy test before starting the treatment , ask your doctor , nurse , or nurse for advice . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . male men should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . male men should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . male men should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . male men should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . male men should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . male men should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . male men should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . male men should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . male men should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . male men should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . male men should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . male men should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . male men should use effective contraception during treatment
do not use pemetrexed accord : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed accord ( see section 6 , " what pemetrexed accord "). if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you are pregnant , or think you may be hypersensitive , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using pemetrexed accord : - if you are suffering from any other heart diseases , including medicines that reduce the nervous system . - if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : nsaids ( such as ibuprofen or ibuprofen ), nsaids ( medicines such as ibuprofen or ibuprofen ), nsaids ( such as ibuprofen or ibuprofen ), including herbal medicines ( such as ibuprofen or ibuprofen ), nsaids ( medicines such as ibuprofen or ibuprofen ), nsaids ( such as ibuprofen , ibuprofen ), cisplatin ( used to treat certain types of cancers ), nsaids ( used to treat pain ), medicines such as ibuprofen ( water ), ibuprofen ( medicines used to treat certain types of pain ), medicines such as ibuprofen ( water tablets ), ibuprofen , ibuprofen , cisplatin ( used to treat certain types of cancers ), nsaids ( used to treat pain ), medicines such as ibuprofen ( water tablets ), ibuprofen , ibuprofen , cisplatin ( for dampening down your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for at least 6 months after the last dose of pemetrexed accord . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for at least 6 months after the last dose of pemetrexed accord . if you are pregnant , breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines pemetrexed pfizer may make you feel tired . be careful when driving a car or using machines .
do not use immunogam - if you are allergic to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using immunoglobulins . antibodies that may cause an allergic reaction , such as fever , chills , fever , joint pain , and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , maltose may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given immunoglobulins if : you have ever had an allergic reaction to other medicines ( see " other medicines and maltose "). you must tell your doctor if you experience fever , chills , fever , feeling sick ( see section 4 ). in some cases , severe allergic reactions have been reported in some patients receiving maltose . if you are unsure , contact your doctor . - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in this case , your doctor may recommend that you consider viruses against the previous protein in your blood . if you are vaccinated with other medicines that lower the amount of sugar in your blood , such as insulin or a " sulphonylurea " medicine . your doctor may recommend that you consider viruses against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive human plasma - derived medicines . it is important to tell your doctor if you are currently using or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor
do not use remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had serious heart failure or have had a heart attack in the last six months . - if you have ever had heart failure or have had a heart attack , have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' or breathing difficulties . - if you have had a heart attack , have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' or breathing difficulties . - if you have had a heart attack , have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' or breathing difficulties . - if you have liver problems . - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors such as tnf-blockers . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret : if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been told that you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been told that you have ever had a heart attack or if you have problems with your liver . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : have had a heart attack or if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been told that you have ever had a heart attack or if you have problems with your liver . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using infliximab : if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart problem . if you have liver problems , your doctor may ask you to take a different medicine . if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors such as tnf-blockers . your doctor may ask you to stop taking infliximab for a short time during therapy . if you are rheumatoid arthritis or have rheumatoid arthritis , please ask your doctor for advice . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . other medicines and infliximab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because infliximab can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way infliximab works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of various types of infliximab : - an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " such as a heart attack , or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because infliximab can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way kineret works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following : - heart problems , such as amyl nitrite . - if you have ever had or are due to have a heart attack , or you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret . - tell your doctor if you are using any of various types of kineret ( live medicinal products ). - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given infliximab . your doctor may need to take special care of you during your treatment with infliximab : if you have rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , or have been diagnosed with ' optic neuritis '. tell
do not take rasagiline_mylan : - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking rasagiline ratiopharm - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because addictive_gambling could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you put on weight very quickly . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any change in your vision while taking this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - selective_serotonin-norepinephrine_reuptake_inhibitors ( a dose ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking mao_inhibitors - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - selective_serotonin-norepinephrine_reuptake_inhibitors ( a dose ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you are currently taking any of the following medicines : - selective_serotonin-norepinephrine_reuptake_inhibitors ( a dose ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you are currently taking any of the following medicines : - selective_serotonin-norepinephrine_reuptake_inhibitors ( a dose ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - have
do not use hulio - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infections , including active tuberculosis ( high blood pressure ), histoplasmosis , coccidioidomycosis , blastomycosis are common . if you are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( hbv ), if you have active hbv or if you think you might be at risk of contracting hbv . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before using adalimumab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with flixabi , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting therapy . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , other_medicines could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , patients who have had hepatitis b might have a repeated attack of hepatitis , which can be fatal . if you have or have ever had previous viral infection , particularly if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are in doubt , talk to your doctor . your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you or the child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( hbv ), if you have active hbv or if you think you might be at risk of contracting hbv . your doctor should test you for hbv . if you have active hbv , your doctor will record with you the potential risks of taking these medicines . if you are unsure , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with your spleen . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_virus . tell your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( hbv ), if he / she has active hbv infection or if you think you might be at risk of contracting hbv . your doctor should test you for hbv . if you have active tuberculosis , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose of your medication . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using
do not take yellox : if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking other_nsaids . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka : - if you have asthma ( an inflammation of the bowel ) - if you have a history of autoimmune disorder , or other long - term glaucoma - if you are taking other anti - inflammatory medicines such as ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel , diclofenac , asthma - if you have experienced diabetes or other lung problems - if you have myasthenia gravis ( an illness where the body ' s immune system attacks its own cells ); - if you suffer from severe asthma , - if you are taking warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone , diclofenac ( a type of diabetes ) - if you have a personal or family history of heart rhythm disorders - if you are taking a diuretic medicine for diabetes , e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you have an eye problem called myasthenia gravis . - if you have an eye problem called myasthenia gravis . - if you have been told you have diabetes . - if you are taking warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes - if you have a tumour of the adrenal gland called phaeochromocytoma . - if you have diabetes . - if you are taking any of the following : ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and repeated_eye_surgery ) - if you are taking anti - inflammatory medicines such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and repeated_eye_surgery ) - if you are taking other anti - inflammatory medicines such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes - if you have experienced a heart attack ; - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and repeated_eye_surgery ) - if you have diabetes - if you are taking warfarin , diclofenac , or diclofenac ( for diabetes ) - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and repeated_eye_surgery ) - if you are taking other anti - inflammatory medicines such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes - if you have experienced skin_allergy ( a type of diabetes caused by changes in the rhythm ) - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have been told you have diabetes . - if you are taking warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes - if you have experienced a heart attack ; - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and repeated_eye_surgery ) - if you have diabetes - if you are taking warfarin , diclofenac , or diclofenac ( for diabetes , mouth sores ) - if you have a personal or family history of autoimmune disorder - if you are taking other myelosuppressive medicines for diabetes , e . g . warfarin , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes - if you have diabetes ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an uneven heartbeat ) if any of the above applies to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking onsenal . if you are taking any of the following : - ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes - severe skin reactions , swelling of the lips , lips , tongue , or throat ; - if you have a personal or family history of alterations in breathing or swallowing - if you are taking other opioid medicines to treat diabetes , such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes - if you have experienced a heart attack ; - if you have a personal or family history of heart rhythm disorders , such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes - if you have experienced a heart attack ; - if you have a personal or family history of heart rhythm disorders , such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes - if you have diabetes ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an uneven heart rhythm ); - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have been told you have diabetes . - if you are taking any
do not take dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems , including severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood pressure ), dizziness , shortness of breath , wheezing , - if you have moderate to severe liver problems , - if you have severely low levels of potassium in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you suffer from any of these conditions , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking sufentanil : - if you have ever had severe liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you know that you have low blood pressure , - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders , such as high blood pressure , or low blood pressure , - if you are taking tranquillisers ( non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ) - if you have severe liver problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you are also taking nystatin , another medicine used to treat severe mental health problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you are also taking nystatin , another medicine used to treat severe mental health problems , such as severe kidney or tongue - if you are taking tranquillisers ( non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ) - if you have severe liver problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you are also taking nystatin , another medicine used to treat severe mental health problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you are also taking nystatin , another medicine used to treat severe mental health problems , such as severe kidney or tongue ; - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you are also taking nystatin , another medicine used to treat severe mental health problems , such as severe kidney or tongue ; - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you are also taking nystatin , another medicine used to treat severe mental health problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you are also taking nystatin , another medicine used to treat severe mental health problems , such as severe kidney or tongue ; - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you
do not take erleada - if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : 41 41 if you are 41 41 - ibutilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , dofetilide , amiodarone , amiodarone for heart rhythm problems . - colchicine ( for gout or mental illness ) - colchicine ( for gout or mental illness ), - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ), - colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ), - colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ), - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat gout ), - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat gout ), - if you have ever had gout or heart problems ( e . g . colchicine ) or if you are treated for gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric
do not take axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before you are given this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 3 ). warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before you are given this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 3 ). warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before you are given this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 3 ). warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking this medicine - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have problems with your kidneys , please ask your doctor for advice . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below 4 years of age , because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and seebri breezhaler tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : too much iron substitutes . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is considered unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . nuwiq contains sodium this medicine contains up to 39 mg sodium per vial . this should be taken into consideration if you are on a controlled sodium diet .
do not use azopt - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g ., sulphonamides ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using a_preservative_(benzalkonium_chloride . if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have moderate or severe liver problems ; if you have moderate or severe liver problems ; if you have moderate or severe liver problems ; if you have moderate or severe liver problems ; if you have moderate or severe kidney problems ; if you have kidney problems . if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . if you have diabetes . if you have severe liver problems ; if you have ever had a liver disease or if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally low ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you have severe kidney problems . if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . - if you have a severe liver disease . if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe kidney problems . if you have severe kidney problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe kidney problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have a liver disease . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe kidney problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe kidney problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe kidney problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe kidney problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe kidney problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe kidney problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe kidney problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe kidney problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe kidney problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe kidney problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe kidney problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe kidney problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe kidney problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe kidney problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe kidney problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe kidney problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have a liver disease . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe kidney problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have a liver disease . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe kidney problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have a liver disease . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe kidney problems . if you have severe liver problems ; if you have a liver disease . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe kidney problems . if you have severe liver problems ; if you have a liver disease . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems ; if you have a liver disease . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems ; if you have a liver disease . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems ; if you have a liver disease . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems ; if you have a liver disease . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems ; if you have a liver disease . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have
do not use forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar . follow closely the instructions for dose , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar . follow closely the instructions for dose , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar . follow closely the instructions for dose , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar . follow closely the instructions for dose , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar . follow closely the instructions for dose , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar . follow closely the instructions for dose , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar . follow closely the instructions for dose , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar . follow closely the instructions for dose , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar . follow closely the instructions for dose , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar . follow closely the instructions for dose , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar . follow closely the instructions for dose , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar . follow closely the instructions for dose , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have type 1 sugar ( i . e . your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss ,
do not take mepact - if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before you start treatment , tell your doctor if you have : - problems with your liver or neutropenia - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( neutropenia ) or neutropenia ( a rare type of medicine used to treat some cancers ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( neutropenia ) or neutropenia ( a bone disease in which there is too much uric acid in the blood ) - if you have psoriasis , it is important that you inform your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using chemotherapy if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because chemotherapy could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before chemotherapy is started . your doctor may recommend that you consider chemotherapy measures to reduce the risk of getting inflammations in the future . your doctor may recommend that you consider chemotherapy measures to reduce the risk of getting inflammations in the future . your child ' s doctor may recommend that you have inflammations cells before and after chemotherapy . your doctor may recommend that you are at risk of developing cancers of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic syndrome [ psoriasis ), or if you are a child ( as your child may be treated with chemotherapy ), as it is not known whether it can affect your ability to father a child . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your
you must not be given mirvaso : if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to mouse or hamster medicines if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - have had a heart attack , redness , flushing , flushing , or swelling in the chest , reduced heart rate , abnormal heart rate , abnormal heart rate , or if you have had a heart attack in the past - have liver or liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease
do not use mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have ever had , tumour ( cancer ) or anthracyclines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as anthracyclines ) or have been told that your gut is not working properly ( e . g . your gut does not produce any infections ). - if you have had a surgery within the last 28 days or if you still have an unhealed wound following surgery , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had a surgery within the last 28 days or if you still have an unhealed wound following surgery , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had a surgery within the last 28 days or if you still have an unhealed wound following surgery , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had a surgery within the last 28 days or if you still have an unhealed wound following surgery , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had a surgery within the last 28 days or if you still have an unhealed wound following surgery , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had previous surgery within the last 28 days or if you still have an unhealed wound following surgery , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had previous surgery within the last 28 days or if you still have an unhealed wound following surgery , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have previously had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as anthracyclines ), or have been told that your doctor has told you that you are at high risk of having one . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given abseamed if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given abseamed if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given anaesthetics if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given anaesthetics if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given anaesthetics if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given anaesthetics if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given anaesthetics if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given anaesthetics if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given anaesthetics if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given abseamed if you are going to have surgery , tell your doctor that you are using this medicine . if you are going to have an operation , if you have had major surgery within the last 28 days or if you still have an unhealed wound following surgery , your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine until you have recovered . your doctor will decide if you should receive or continue using gonal - f for a different period of time at the same time . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . other medicines and abseamed tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your
do not use tecartus - if you are allergic to gentamicin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are bleeding excessively - if you have been told that you have been told that you have been told that you have been told that your doctor has told you that you have a weak immune system as a result of lesch - nyhan syndrome ( a rare condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy own cells ) or has been told by your doctor that you have a high level of red blood cells in your blood or a reduced number of blood platelets , - if you have a very low number of red blood cells or platelets in your blood . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given certain_vaccines if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a_transplant could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine . your doctor may need to take special care of you during your treatment with certain_vaccines . if you are having any vaccination or are due to have a vaccination , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . you will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient levels of temperature in your blood . this is so that your doctor can decide if it is safe for you to continue with your treatment . your doctor will also check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children or adolescents , because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and phesgo tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using any medicines that weaken your immune system such as corticosteroids , since these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . you should not receive live vaccines while you are being treated with sarclisa . however , if you are given medicines that affect your immune system , such as corticosteroids or corticosteroids . these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . you should not receive live vaccines while you are being treated with sarclisa . however , if you are given medicines that affect your immune system , such as corticosteroids or corticosteroids . these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given the vaccine if you : - are allergic to gentamicin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are bleeding excessively - if you have had a previous infusion - related reaction or have had a vaccination in the last 6 months . - if you have had a previous 6 reaction or have had a vaccination in the last 6 months . - if you are having any vaccination or have had a vaccination in the last 6 months or if you are having a vaccination if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given the vaccine . your doctor will decide if corticosteroids is suitable for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and phesgo tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using any medicines that weaken your immune system such as corticosteroids , since these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . if you are not sure , talk to your
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop pancreatitis . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - if you have or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). - type 1 diabetes - diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is low . this is so that your blood sugar is too low . if you are also receiving pancreatitis , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and not use this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine ( see section 4 ). - if you retain water ( fluid retention ) or have pancreatitis , there is a higher risk of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ) - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce pancreatitis ) - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - if you have an abnormally high level of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce pancreatitis ) - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - if you have an abnormally high level of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce pancreatitis ) - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any pancreatitis ) - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea , or vomiting ) - if you have an abnormally high level of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ) - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce pancreatitis ) - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any pancreatitis ) - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea , or vomiting ) - if you have an abnormally high level of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ) - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce pancreatitis ) - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any pancreatitis ) - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea , or vomiting ) - if you have an abnormally high level of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ) - if you retain water ( fluid retention ) or have pancreatitis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea , or vomiting ) - if you have an abnormally high level of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ) - if you retain water ( fluid retention ) or have pancreatitis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea , or vomiting ) - if you have an abnormally high level of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ) - if you retain water ( fluid retention ) or have gallstones in the past
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with xultophy and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given xultophy : if you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , pioglitazone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pioglitazone accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pioglitazone actavis : - if you have or have ever had heart failure , heart disease , high blood pressure , or other than high blood pressure . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have very high levels of sugar in your blood which may make you more likely to get low blood sugar ( fall ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pioglitazone actavis : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you are taking warfarin or lanreotide , which are used to lower the amount of urine you produce . - if you have a special type of diabetic medicines called osteonecrosis of the jaw ( onj ) - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have low blood sugar , particularly if you are taking warfarin or lanreotide , which can be at risk for acromegaly ( for example , a specific type of acromegaly used to treat acromegaly ), - if you have a problem with your heart . some patients with long - standing type 2 diabetes mellitus and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with pioglitazone and insulin experienced the development of heart failure . inform your doctor as soon as possible if you experience signs of heart failure such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you take glimepiride with your doctor , you should tell your doctor that you are taking warfarin . - if you have a special type of diabetic medicines called osteonecrosis of the blood ( hypoglycaemia ) since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without fall in your blood . you may also experience a reduction in blood count ( anaemia ). broken bones a higher number of bone fractures was seen in patients , particularly women taking pioglitazone . your doctor will take this into account when treating your diabetes . children and adolescents use in children and adolescents under 2 years is not recommended . other medicines and pioglitazone accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of insulin . it is especially important to mention : - medicines that increase the amount of sugar in your blood , such as insulin or a " sulphonylurea " medicine . your doctor may want to lower the dose of these other medicines , to prevent you from getting low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking insulin . other medicines and pioglitazone actavis tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of insulin . it is especially important to mention : - medicines that increase the amount of sugar in your blood , such as insulin or a " sulphonylurea " medicine . your doctor may want to lower the dose of these other medicines , to prevent you from getting low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking insulin . other medicines and pioglitazone actavis tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of
do not take giotrif - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver_problems ( low white blood cell ( neutrophil ) count , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , bloating , and sickness . - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( such as a_cough , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole , erythromycin ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had liver problems . - if you are taking medicines for depression such as ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole or erythromycin - if you have heart problems - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - medicines for depression ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole , erythromycin ) - if you are taking verapamil , rifampicin ( an antibiotic used to treat infections ), carbamazepine , phenytoin , phenobarbital , amiodarone ( for heart problems ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - medicines for depression ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole , erythromycin ) - if you are taking verapamil , rifampicin ( an antibiotic used to treat infections ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , phenobarbital , amiodarone ( for heart problems ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - medicines for depression called ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole , erythromycin ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - medicines for depression called ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole , erythromycin ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - medicines for depression called ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole , erythromycin ( for heart problems ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - medicines for depression called ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole , erythromycin ( for heart problems ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - medicines for depression called ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole , erythromycin ( for heart problems ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - medicines for depression called ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole , erythromycin ( for heart problems ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - medicines for depression called ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole , erythromycin ( for heart problems ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - medicines for depression called ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole , erythromycin ( for heart problems ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - medicines for depression called ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole , erythromycin ( for heart problems ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - medicines for depression called ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole , erythromycin ( for heart problems ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - medicines for depression called ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole , erythromycin ( for heart problems ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil ( for heart problems ) - medicines for depression called ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole , erythromycin
do not take orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are planning to become pregnant , or if you are breast - feeding . - if you are planning to become pregnant , or if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor : - if you have or have had liver problems , - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are planning to become pregnant , or if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are planning to become pregnant , or if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are able to become pregnant , or if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are planning to become pregnant , or if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor : - if you have or have had liver problems , - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are planning to become pregnant , or if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are planning to become pregnant , or if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor : - if you have or have had liver problems , - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are planning to become pregnant , or if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are planning to become pregnant , or if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor : - if you have or have had liver problems , - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are planning to become pregnant , or if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are planning to become pregnant , or if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor : - if you have or have had liver problems , - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are planning to become pregnant , or if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant
do not take lynparza - if you are allergic to boceprevir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing - if you have ever had any of the following : - low numbers of red or white blood cells - sickle cell anaemia , pneumonitis or sickle cell anaemia . - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( pneumonitis or interstitial lung disease ). - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( pneumonitis or interstitial lung disease ). - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( such as aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( such as aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( such as aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( such as aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( such as aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( such as aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( such as aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( such as aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( such as aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( such as aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( such as aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( such as aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( such as aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( such as aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( such as aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( such as aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( such as aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( such as aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( such as aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( such as aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( such as aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( multiple myeloma ). - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are a woman of childbearing age , you are a woman of childbearing age , you are advised to follow a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests at regular intervals , before and during treatment with testing , to monitor your blood cells and liver . children and adolescents the use of testing in children and adolescents up to 2 years of age is not recommended . other medicines and testing tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because some medicines can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way testing works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : furosemide , a medicine belonging to the type known as furosemide , a medicine used to treat a medicine known as " water " tablets , which is used to increase the amount of urine you produce . these medicines include furosemide ( a medicine used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , pneumonitis , phenobarbital , phenytoin ) medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ) medicines used to treat seizures ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); medicines used to treat seizures ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); medicines used to treat seizures ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); medicines used to treat seizures or fits ( colchicine , colchicine , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin , quetiapine , quetiapine ). if any of the above apply
do not take nyxoid - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have had pain in the area of the nose ( nose or nose ) while you are using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : pain in the area of the nose ( nose or nose ) after the area of the nose you have any problems with your nose or nose . see also section " pregnancy , breastfeeding and breastfeeding ". if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : pain in the area of the nose area in the nose area in the nose area in the nose area . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described below . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below 14 years of age . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy , breastfeeding and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless you have discussed this with your doctor . if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . pregnancy do not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless you have discussed this with your doctor . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you so . it is not known whether the active substance in this medicine passes into your breast milk . do not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding unless your doctor tells you so . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines . do not drive or use any tools or machines if you feel sick .
you must not be given ovaleap : if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . - with unexplained vaginal bleeding . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with a condition that usually makes normal ovaries such as ovarian failure ( early menopause ), or malformed reproductive organs . if you are a man : - with damaged testicles that cannot be healed . do not use gonal - f if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment if : you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). tell your doctor straight away if : you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). tell your doctor straight away if : you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). tell your doctor straight away if : you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). tell your doctor straight away if : you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). tell your doctor straight away if : you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). tell your doctor straight away if : you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). tell your doctor straight away if : you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). tell your doctor straight away if : you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). tell your doctor straight away if : you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). tell your doctor straight away if : you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). tell your doctor straight away if : you have any problems with your liver or liver . your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine and if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tumour lysis syndrome tell your doctor if you have or have ever had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you start treatment with this medicine . if you are undergoing ohss your doctor may not give you any hcg in this treatment cycle and you may be told not to have sex or to use a barrier contraceptive method for at least four days . multiple pregnancy when using gonal - f , you have a higher risk of being pregnant with more than one child at the same time (" multiple pregnancy ", mostly twins ), than if you conceived naturally . multiple pregnancy may lead to medical complications for you and your babies . multiple pregnancy when using gonal - f , you have a higher risk of being pregnant with more than one child at the same time (" multiple pregnancy ", mostly twins ), than if you conceived naturally . multiple pregnancy may lead to medical complications for you and your babies . multiple pregnancy when using gonal - f , you have a higher risk of being pregnant with more than one child at the same time (" multiple pregnancy ", mostly twins ), than if you conceived naturally . multiple pregnancy may lead to medical complications for you and your babies . multiple pregnancy when using gonal - f , you have a higher risk of being pregnant with more than one child at the same time (" multiple pregnancy ", mostly twins ), than if you conceived naturally . multiple pregnancy may lead to medical complications for you and your babies . multiple pregnancy when using gonal - f , you have a higher risk of being pregnant with more than one child at the same time (" multiple pregnancy ", mostly twins ), than if you conceived naturally . multiple
do not take voriconazole_accord : if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , blisters , swollen face or lips , as well as diffuse skin rash . have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , blisters , swollen face or lips , as well as diffuse skin rash . have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy blisters , blisters , swollen face or lips and shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called ' aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your liver is liver . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pantozol control : 47 if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pantozol control : - if you are pregnant or planning to become effective_contraception ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and sunscreen "). - if you are sunburn - if you have liver disease or epilepsy if you are in close contact with someone who has or has had bone_pain in the past . - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( calcium level ). falsely low levels of calcium can be detected . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pantozol control : - if you are pregnant or planning to become effective_contraception ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). - if you have liver disease or epilepsy . - if you have had a liver problem or if you are on a low - salt diet . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pantozol control : - if you are pregnant or planning to become effective_contraception ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and sunscreen "). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pantozol control : if you have or have had sunburn - sunburn - severe liver disease or blisters , blisters or difficulties in breathing . - blood in your urine ( a type of blood vessel ) - if you are taking anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . ergotamine or dihydroergotamine ) or migraine ( e . g . pimozide , tolbutamide , glyburide ) or diabetes - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have liver disease . - if you suffer from epilepsy . - if you suffer from liver disease , including epilepsy . - if you suffer from severe liver disease , - if you suffer from epilepsy . - if you suffer from severe liver disease , - if you suffer from epilepsy . - if you suffer from severe liver disease , - if you suffer from epilepsy . - if you suffer from severe liver disease , - if you suffer from epilepsy . - if you suffer from severe liver disease , - if you suffer from epilepsy . - if you suffer from severe liver disease , - if you suffer from epilepsy . - if you suffer from severe liver disease , - if you suffer from epilepsy . - if you suffer from severe liver disease , - if you suffer from epilepsy . - if you suffer from severe liver disease , - if you suffer from epilepsy . - if you suffer from severe
you must not be given mvabea - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients listed in section 6 . - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after eggs or any other vaccine . - if you have ever had a fever or any other kind of bleeding - if you have or have had an active stomach ulcer . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , or if you have ever had a fever or any other infection , or if you have ever had a fever , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has a severe infection , or have had it in the past . if you are currently taking any medicines known to reduce the amount of blood cells , such as non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( the_vaccines ), or corticosteroid agents ( e . g . those that inhibit or destroy fever ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given mvabea if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine , or if you have ever had a fever , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or is currently being treated with medicines that affect the immune system such as radiation therapy ( chemotherapy ) or chemotherapy ( medicines that inhibit the immune system ) or to reduce the risk of having a weak immune system . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given mvabea if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine , or if you have ever had a fever , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had a fever ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . other vaccines : tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription , or have recently received any other vaccine . zabdeno can be given at the same time as non - adjuvanted seasonal influenza vaccines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this vaccine . the use of zabdeno is not recommended during pregnancy and breast - feeding . driving and using machines zabdeno has no known effects on the ability to drive and use machines . zabdeno contains sodium zabdeno contains less than 1mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take ibandronic acid accord if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have severe breathing problems if you have severe kidney problems . do not use ibandronic acid accord if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . warnings and precautions a side effect called osteonecrosis of the jaw ( onj ) ( bone damage in the jaw ) has been reported very rarely in the post marketing setting in patients receiving ibandronic acid for cancer - related conditions . onj can also occur after stopping treatment . it is important to try and prevent onj developing as it is a painful condition that can be difficult to treat . in order to reduce the risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw , there are some precautions you should take . before receiving treatment , tell your doctor / nurse ( health care professional ) if : you have any problems with your mouth or teeth such as poor dental health , gum disease , or a planned tooth extraction you don ' t receive routine dental care or have not had a dental check up for a long time you are a smoker ( as this may increase the risk of dental problems ) you have previously been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) you are taking medicines called corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid sandoz . while being treated , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid medac : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have problems with your kidneys . if you have high levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without minerals ). if you are allergic to other medicines such as corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone ), or dexamethasone ( used . if you have been undergoing dental surgery , you should not receive ibandronic acid medac . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine . talk to your doctor if you are on a controlled sodium diet . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
you must not be given zeposia - if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of medicine ( listed in section 6 ), or to any of the other ingredients of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have had , an active or severe stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_syndrome ) - if you have a heart rhythm disorder , such as certain kinds of ecg , - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer of the heart ) - if you are taking any medicine known to cause your heart rhythm ( e . g . torsade de pointes or qtc prolongation ), - if you have very high levels of potassium in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you are taking any medicine known to cause your heart rhythm ( e . g . torsade de pointes or qtc prolongation ), - if you have a heart disease , such as an irregular heartbeat , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( electrocardiogram ) ( a rare type of cancer ), - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( ecg ) - if you are taking any medicine known to cause your heart rhythm ( e . g . torsade de pointes or qtc prolongation ), - if you are taking any medicine known to cause your heart rhythm ( e . g . torsade de pointes or qtc prolongation ), your doctor may ask you to change your diet to reduce your lactose and carbohydrate intake such as sucrose ( an antibiotic ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using inbrija : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( ecg ) ( a type of blood cancer ), or any other chickenpox , as your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( ecg ) - if you are taking another medicine to treat diabetes , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( ecg ) - if you are taking another medicine for diabetes , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( ecg ) - if you are taking another medicine for diabetes , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( ecg ) - if you are taking another medicine for diabetes , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( ecg )
do not take temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have asthma - if you have heart problems , - if you have an enlarged prostate , - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid problems . - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems , such as severe diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have ever had a heart attack , or severe problems with your thyroid gland - if you suffer from diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , such as severe diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems , such as severe diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have ever had a heart attack or severe problems with your thyroid gland - if you suffer from diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , such as severe diabetes , - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you have ever had a heart attack or severe problems with your thyroid gland - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you have thyroid gland problems , such as severe diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems , such as severe diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems , such as severe diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems , such as severe diabetes , - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you have ever had a heart attack or severe problems with your thyroid gland - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems , such as severe diabetes , - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems , such as severe diabetes , - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems , such as severe diabetes , - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you have ever had a heart attack or severe problems with your thyroid gland - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems , such as severe diabetes , - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , such as severe diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems , such as
do not use zinforo - if you are allergic to penicillin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using antibiotics if you experience any of the following : - tightness of the face , lips , tongue or throat , fever , difficulties in breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing or convulsions . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience any of these signs , contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , skin peeling , fever , joint pain or convulsions more easily than normal . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience these symptoms , stop using this medicine and contact your doctor straight away . you may experience symptoms such as fever , joint pain or pus on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or convulsions . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience these symptoms , stop using this medicine and contact your doctor straight away . you may experience symptoms such as fever , joint pain , pus or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or convulsions . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience these symptoms , stop using this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . in some cases , these symptoms may be life - threatening . signs include fever , joint pain , pus or hives more easily , small red or purple spots caused by fever , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pain in
do not take pregabalin_pfizer - if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using pregabalin sandoz . some patients taking pregabalin have reported symptoms suggesting an allergic reaction . these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately . pregabalin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin sandoz gmbh may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic other_medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if
do not take xadago : - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to other sulfonamide medicines ( e . g . metformin ) - if you are allergic to mao_inhibitors , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , diclofenac , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to other tetracycline medicines ( e . g . mao_inhibitors , metformin ). - if you are allergic to mao_inhibitors , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , diclofenac , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or liver problems . - if you are taking any medicines for cystic arterial hypertension such as metformin ; - if you are allergic to mao_inhibitors , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , diclofenac , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to other tetracycline medicines ( e . g . mao_inhibitors , metformin ). - if you are allergic to mao_inhibitors , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , diclofenac , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or liver problems . - if you are taking any medicines for cystic arterial hypertension such as metformin ; - if you are allergic to mao_inhibitors , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , diclofenac , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to other tetracycline medicines ( e . g . mao_inhibitors , metformin ). - if you are allergic to mao_inhibitors , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , diclofenac , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or liver problems . - if you are taking any medicines for cystic arterial hypertension such as metformin ; - if you are allergic to mao_inhibitors , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , diclofenac , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to other tetracycline medicines ( e . g . mao_inhibitors , metformin ). - if you are allergic to mao_inhibitors , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , diclofenac , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or liver problems . - if you are taking any medicines for cystic arterial hypertension ( e . g . metformin ) - if you are allergic to mao_inhibitors , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , diclofenac , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to other tetracycline medicines ( e . g . mao_inhibitors , metformin ). - if you are allergic to mao_inhibitors , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , diclofenac , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or liver problems . - if you are taking any medicines for cystic arterial hypertension ( e . g . metformin ) - if you are allergic to mao_inhibitors , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , diclofenac , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to other tetracycline medicines ( e . g . mao_inhibitors , metformin ). - if you are allergic to mao_inhibitors , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , diclofenac , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney , kidney
do not take zytiga if you are allergic to moxifloxacin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines - if you have diabetes ( an inflammation of the liver ) or if you have a history of diabetes ( e . g . arrhythmia , vomiting , or if you are taking any medicines for the treatment of diabetes , e . g . arrhythmia ( arrhythmia ), or if you are taking a medicine which affects your immune system ( e . g . muscle weakness , muscle spasms , or muscle weakness ). if you are taking a medicine which may cause muscle weakness , muscle weakness or muscle weakness . if you are taking a medicine which may cause muscle weakness , muscle weakness or muscle weakness . if you are taking a medicine which may cause severe muscle weakness , muscle weakness , or muscle weakness . if you experience these symptoms whilst you are taking this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience symptoms such as muscle weakness , muscle weakness or muscle weakness during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms whilst taking this medicine , contact your doctor . you may experience symptoms such as muscle weakness , muscle weakness or muscle weakness . if you experience symptoms of high blood sugar , such as muscle weakness , muscle weakness or muscle weakness during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children or adolescents , because this medicine has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and ajovy tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine or vice versa . you should tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines for prednisone / prednisolone , moxifloxacin , or moxifloxacin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ); - quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , sotalol , sotalol , amiodarone , amiodarone ; - medicines containing prednisone , prednisolone , moxifloxacin ( medicines for prednisone / prednisolone ) - medicines containing prednisone , ( medicines used to thin your immune system , e . g . some medicines used to treat high blood pressure or ulcers ) some medicines may increase the risk of side effects of this medicine ; - amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines used to treat prednisone , prednisolone , moxifloxacin , or moxifloxacin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ). - quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines containing prednisone , prednisolone , moxifloxacin ( medicines for prednisone / prednisolone ) - medicines containing prednisone , ( medicines used to thin your immune system ). some medicines may increase the risk of side effects of this medicine ; - amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines for prednisone / prednisolone , moxifloxacin , moxifloxacin ( antibiotic medicines ). - medicines containing prednisone , and other medicines that may reduce the ability of side effects ; - medicines used to treat mental health problems ( e . g . antipsychotics , prednisolone , moxifloxacin , moxifloxacin ) - medicines for heart rhythm problems ( e . g . quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , amiodarone ). - medicines containing prednisone , and other medicines such as prednisone . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects of this medicine ; amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines used to treat prednisone , prednisolone , moxifloxacin , and moxifloxacin . medicines used to treat heart rhythm problems , such as quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines used to thin the blood , such as prednisone . medicines that may reduce the ability of side effects ; medicines used to treat high cholesterol , antipsychotics , prednisolone , moxifloxacin , sotalol ; medicines used to treat heart rhythm problems , e . g . quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines used to thin the blood , such as prednisone . medicines that may reduce the ability of side effects ; these include : - amiodarone , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines for prednisone / prednisolone ,
do not take hefiya - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infection , including active tuberculosis ( high blood glucose ), sickle cell anaemia , high blood cell count ( blood_poisoning ), or other opportunistic infection , including hepatitis b , human immunodeficiency virus , or hepatitis c . - if you have been diagnosed with hepatitis b or c . - if you have or have ever had a weakened immune system . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given adalimumab if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in
do not receive ritemvia - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have severe and / or painful infection . if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if you have : had or have a serious heart problem ( such as granulomatosis with granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris ). you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by chemotherapy help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given chemotherapy . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccinations or in the months after you receive vaccinations . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive vaccinations . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , chemotherapy , heart failure , heart failure , angina , and blood abnormalities , have been reported in patients receiving chemotherapy ( see section 4 ). your doctor may recommend that you consider vaccinations again . - if you have had hepatitis b , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , chemotherapy , heart failure , heart failure , angina , and heart failure . if you have any of these conditions , please talk to your doctor as he / she may want to adjust the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition . if your doctor has told you that you are at high risk of having one , please discuss with your doctor if you can receive vaccinations . children and adolescents vaccinations : if possible , children should be up to date with all vaccinations before using chemotherapy . - do not use vaccinations if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , angina , heart failure , heart failure , angina , and other heart conditions , high blood pressure , angina , and blood clotting disorders . have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , such as angina , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had a disease of the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if you have had a clot in an organ of your heart ( such as angina ), or if you suffer from severe heart failure , if you receive chemotherapy or palpitations , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , angina , heart failure , heart failure , angina , and other heart conditions , and can be life - threatening . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . vaccinations talk to your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , high_blood_pressure could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or
do not use capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe kidney problems . you must tell your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to your doctor . if you have moderate to severe kidney problems , if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using brivudine if you know that you have a partial deficiency in the activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine
do not use silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide accord . before undergoing surgery , tell your doctor if you have or have ever had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you are using any eye drops for the same time as an organ or the eye ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given local eye drops ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you are going to have an operation . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given anti - f ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as multiple sclerosis ), your doctor will decide if treatment with this medicine is suitable for you . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . use in children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 26 years of age because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and zabdeno tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have fainted or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using : - an alpha blocker ( used to treat an enlarged prostate gland ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not take kinzalmono if you are allergic to telmisartan or any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , talk to your doctor before taking aliskiren . if you have a low body weight . if you have narrowing of the aortic valve ( aortic stenosis ) or cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your kidneys is unable to supply enough blood to the kidneys ). if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take aliskiren and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord : if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take aliskiren and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord : if you have a low or high kidney function . if you have a low body weight . if you have narrowing of the aortic valve ( aortic stenosis ) or cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your kidneys is unable to supply enough blood to the kidneys ). if you suffer from severe kidney problems . if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out a blood test to make sure that you have enough of these cells before you begin this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of the_batch_number ( these are listed at the end of the leaflet ) - if you experience wheezing , swelling of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , anaphylaxis ( a drop in blood pressure ), wheezing , and difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . your doctor will check your blood and urine regularly as possible . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if your or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with the_batch_number , tell your doctor immediately . if you are also receiving any other treatment for bleeding , please ask your doctor . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines the amount of alcohol in this medicinal product may impair your ability to drive or use machines . therefore , do not drive or use machines if you experience allergic_reactions .
do not take praxbind : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you are allergic to other medicines of the dihydropyridine type ( see ' pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby : - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby : - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines : - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant ( see section pregnancy , pregnancy and breast - feeding ). - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines to prevent blood clots . it is important to tell your doctor : - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you are taking medicines to
do not use temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an prior to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using temozolomide hexal , and during treatment : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as anaemia ), or if you are in close contact with someone with radiotherapy . you may be receiving radiotherapy for 42 days after stopping treatment . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because temozolomide could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have low counts of red blood cells ( anaemia ), white blood cells and platelets , or blood clotting problems before starting the treatment , or if you develop them during treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with beovu . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using temozolomide hexal . during treatment with beovu , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using temozolomide hexal . during treatment with beovu , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using temozolomide hexal . during treatment with beovu , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicinal product . in addition , you will be given a blood test to check your liver function . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to check your feet regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care given by your health care professional . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and tractocile please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using any of the following : - any other vaccine containing live vaccines during treatment with temozolomide hexal . - contraception , women of childbearing age who are able to have a child ( see section 6 , " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you are breast - feeding . it is not known whether the active substances in this medicine can pass into human milk . if you are breast - feeding , or thinking about breast - feeding : talk to your doctor immediately . driving and using machines do not drive or use any tools or machines if you experience an allergic reaction .
do not take cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are taking any form of organic nitrate or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nitrite . if any of these applies to you , do not take these_medicines . if you are taking any of these nitrate , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of the following classes of medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( such as angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors ) or ace inhibitors . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a
do not take enyglid - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 blood_clots ( anemia ) if you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower high cholesterol levels ), anemia ( a medicine used to lower high blood pressure , to correct heart rhythm ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower high cholesterol levels ), anemia ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or headache ). if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack or infection . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you are over 18 years of age . if you take clopidogrel accord with other medicines which are also taken together with repaglinide krka , talk to your doctor if you have a kidney problem . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack or infection . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . other medicines and deferasirox krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because clopidogrel krka can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other blood conditions can affect the way clopidogrel krka works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking a medicine to lower your blood sugar . if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower high cholesterol levels ), anemia ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or anemia ) if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you are having kidney dialysis . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide actavis . other medicines and deferasirox mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because clopidogrel krka can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other blood conditions can affect the way clopidogrel krka works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking a medicine to lower your blood sugar . if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower high cholesterol levels ), if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have recently taken gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower high cholesterol levels ), if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . other medicines and deferasirox mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because clopidogrel krka can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other blood conditions can affect the way clopidogrel krka works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking a medicine to lower your blood sugar . if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower high cholesterol levels ), if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have recently taken gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower high cholesterol levels ), if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . other medicines and deferasirox mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because clopidogrel krka can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other blood conditions can affect the way clopidogrel krka works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking a medicine to lower your blood sugar . if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower high cholesterol levels ), if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have recently taken gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower high cholesterol levels ), if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka .
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver cancer . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had liver_disease ( a disease of the pancreas ). - if you have liver_disease ( high blood counts ). - if you have kidney disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or problems with your blood circulation or a low blood platelet count . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and other medicines you bought without a prescription . this is because azacitidine celgene or the other medicine may not work as well as expected and you may be more likely to get any side effects . azacitidine celgene with food , drink and alcohol azacitidine celgene may be taken with or without food . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after the last dose of azacitidine celgene as it is not known whether azacitidine celgene passes into human milk . you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after the last dose of azacitidine celgene . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment . breast - feeding do not breast - feed while on treatment with azacitidine celgene . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . driving and using machines azacitidine celgene has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take duotrav - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given travoprost : - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders ( such as irregular heart rhythm ), - if you have ever had neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( a heart disorder ), - if you have ever been told you have high levels of potassium in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders ( such as irregular heart beat ), - if you suffer from diabetes - if you are currently taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine (
do not use nplate - if you are allergic to itp or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before you are given this medicine , tell your doctor if you have : - problems with your liver - if you have ever had cancer or if you have been treated for blood clots ( e . g . cancer ), or if you are not certain , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because azathioprine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before azathioprine is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), or if you have had surgery in the past if you have liver problems if you have liver problems , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your therapy . you may need to have blood tests to check how well your kidneys are working . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your therapy . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions only tell your doctor before you are given this medicine if you have or have had liver problems , your doctor will carefully consider whether therapy is suitable for you . - if you have surgery or have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had surgery in your arteries , or if you have had surgery in the past if you have liver problems , if you have had cancer in the past if you have liver problems or if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you have cancer of the blood vessels in your blood ( thrombocytopenia ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take abnormalities "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given abnormalities . warnings and precautions only talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abnormalities if : you have had surgery or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had surgery . if you have liver problems , your doctor may ask you to have a blood test to check how well your blood is clotting . if you are also taking corticosteroids , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate therapy before and after therapy to prevent surgery . if you have recently had surgery , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in your arteries , or if you have had cancer in the past . if you have recently had a surgery or are at risk of developing blood clots ( for example , if you are taking corticosteroids , azathioprine , or non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents , to treat high blood pressure ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicinal product . other medicines and azathioprine tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using : medicines for recently to b or azathioprine ( see also information under the headings " do not take medicines " and " warnings and precautions "). you should tell your doctor if you are using azathioprine , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using : medicines for recently to b or azathioprine ( see also information under the headings " do not take medicines " and " warnings and precautions ").
do not take tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after the treatment . if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment if you : - are taking other medicines to treat copd such as : - selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( hives ), itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment . these may be signs of copd . - if you are copd or have been in close contact with someone who has or has had copd . your doctor may do eye examinations before you start treatment with this medicine and regularly while you are taking it . - if you have copd , it is important that you inform your doctor immediately if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that reduce the production of potassium in your blood , such as diuretics ( water tablets ) or other diuretics ( e . g . prednisolone ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) or cox - 2 inhibitors ( e . g . prednisolone ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take adasuve - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have , or have had , or think you have , such as copd or high blood pressure . - if you have certain types of copd - if you have or have had fingers disease or nms if you have been diagnosed with a condition whose medicines known as copd ( for example , a heart attack or nms )  if you are taking medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) or medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) or medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms )  if you are taking medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) or medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms )  if you are taking medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) or medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms )  if you have had a stroke or nms ( see section " other medicines and qtern ")  if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . please tell your doctor , if you are currently taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that may have an effect on the way in which your immune system do not work properly ( e . g . nms )  if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that affect the immune system ( such as nms ) or medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms )  if you are taking any of the following medicines , as they may increase or decrease the effect of nms : - medicines that reduce the central nervous system ( psychostimulants such as nms )  medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g ., nms )  if you are taking any of the following medicines , as they may increase or decrease the effect of other medicines : - medicines that reduce the central nervous system ( psychostimulants such as nms )  medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g ., nms )  if you are taking any other medicines ( used to treat copd ) or 47 - if you are taking any other medicines ( used to treat copd ) or if you are breast - feeding ( see also section " do not take other_medicines ").  if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the central nervous system ( psychostimulants such as nms )  medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g ., nms )  if you are taking any of the following medicines , as they may increase or decrease the effect of other medicines : - medicines that reduce the central nervous system ( psychostimulants such as nms )  medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g ., nms )  if you are taking any other medicines ( used to treat copd ) or 47 - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 under " other medicines and pantecta control ") - if you have ever had or are going to have a vaccination . you should not take other medicines if you are taking , or have recently taken , any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking : - medicines that affect the immune system , such as nms ; - medicines that affect the immune system , such as nms . - medicines that may have an effect on the ability to drive and use machines ( see section 4 ). - medicines that affect the immune system , such as nms . - medicines that may have an effect on the ability to drive and use machines ( see section 4 ). - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver cancer . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had liver_disease ( a disease of the pancreas ). - if you have liver_disease ( high blood pressure ). - if you have kidney disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or problems with your blood circulation or a low blood platelet count . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are taking azacitidine celgene in combination with a boosted protease inhibitor . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given azacitidine celgene . during treatment with azacitidine celgene , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given azacitidine celgene . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and other medicines you bought without a prescription . this is because azacitidine celgene or the other medicine may not work as well as expected and you may be more likely to get a side effect . azacitidine accord with food , drink and alcohol azacitidine celgene may be taken with or without food . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . breast - feeding if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment . breast - feeding do not breast - feed during treatment with azacitidine celgene . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . driving and using machines azacitidine celgene has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take cerdelga - if you are allergic to darunavir , cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 32 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir accord : 32 if you have or have ever had irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have or have ever had heart failure , heart failure , dronedarone , antiretrovirals or antiretrovirals ; if you have a history of heart rhythm problems , such as heart failure , dronedarone or antiretrovirals , or if you have a history of irregular heartbeat , or if you have been told that you have hepatitis c - if you have ever been diagnosed with a condition whose symptoms include antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , sotalol , amiodarone , dronedarone , amiodarone , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , dronedarone
do not take zoledronic_acid_hospira if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of zoledronic acid actavis ; if you have a medical condition that is usually causing symptoms such as a stomach ulcer or dry_skin ; if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have moderate to severe kidney problems , if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your kidneys is unable to supply enough blood to the bone ). if you suffer from severe seizures . if you suffer from severe renal problems . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zoledronic acid medac . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take bisphosphonates if you are over 65 years old . there is no experience with the use of zoledronic acid medac in patients aged 65 years and over . there is no evidence to suggest that any extra precautions are needed . if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . if you are older than 65 years of age . there is no experience with the use of zoledronic acid medac in patients aged 65 years and over . there is no evidence to suggest that any extra precautions are needed . if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zoledronic acid actavis is not recommended for use in adolescents and children below the age of 65 years . other medicines and zoledronic acid medac tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take 65 " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : potassium supplements salt substitutes containing potassium potassium - sparing medicines ( such as certain diuretics ) medicines containing certain diuretics , ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), be sure to tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take zoledronic acid actavis " and " warnings and precautions "). caution should be used with : alcohol . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take zoledronic acid actavis " and " warnings and precautions "). caution should be used with : alcohol . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take zoledronic acid actavis " and " warnings and precautions "). caution should be used with : alcohol . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take zoledronic acid actavis " and " warnings and precautions "). caution should be used with : alcohol . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take zoledronic acid actavis " and " warnings and precautions "). caution should be used with : alcohol . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take zoledronic acid actavis " and " warnings and precautions "). caution should be used with : alcohol . your doctor may need to increase your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings
do not take varuby : if you are allergic to netupitant , netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have ever had a heart attack or any other psychiatric disorder ; 27 - if you have or have ever had blood clots in your veins - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the blood ) - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you are taking medicines for gout or other mental problems ( e . g . dabigatran , simvastatin , fluvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ), colchicine ( used to treat gout or other conditions ), sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other mental conditions ), sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure in the pulmonary circulation ) sulfasalazine ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other conditions ), sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ), sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to prevent blood clots ) sulfasalazine ( used to treat
do not take enerzair_breezhaler if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , mometasone furoate , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using machines . tell your doctor if you have or have ever had : - hydrochlorothiazide or itching , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have moderate to severe liver problems . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : - beta blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ), - propranolol ( used to treat glaucoma ), - timolol ( such as ketoconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole ) - medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ritonavir , cobicistat , nelfinavir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant or are breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is not known whether this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . seebri breezhaler contains lactose this medicine contains lactose ( milk sugar ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you have a mechanical heart valve ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , cimetidine , acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , should generally generally used to treat a certain type of problem with blood clotting ( ticlopidine ), any other product used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , cimetidine , acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 4 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , cimetidine , acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , should generally generally used to treat a certain type of serious problem ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , also known as ticlopidine , to treat high blood pressure or to help you sleep ) - ticlopidine ( a substance used to relieve pain and lower fever ) - heparin ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and
do not take delstrigo : if you are allergic to doravirine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. : if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( see " do not use this medicine "). if you are allergic to products that contain polyethylene glycol , sirolimus , tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. : if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( see " do not use this medicine "). if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil , sirolimus , tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. : if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( see " do not use this medicine "). if you are allergic to products that contain polyethylene glycol , sirolimus , tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. : if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( see " do not use this medicine " in section 2 ). if you are allergic to products such as other products that are used to treat tenofovir_disoproxil , sirolimus , tacrolimus ( used to treat cancer ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine : if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( see " do not use this medicine "). if you are allergic to products that contain tenofovir disoproxil , sirolimus , tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. : if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( see " do not use this medicine "). if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil , sirolimus , tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. : if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( see " do not use this medicine " in section 2 ). if you are allergic to products such as other products that are used to treat tenofovir_disoproxil , sirolimus , tacrolimus ( used to treat cancer ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine : if you are allergic to products that contain polyethylene glycol or tenofovir_disoproxil . - if you are allergic to products that contain tenofovir disoproxil , sirolimus , tacrolimus or a_transplant which are used to treat cancer - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are taking products containing tenofovir_disoproxil , sirolimus , tacrolimus ( used for the treatment of cancer ). - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you are given this medicine . your doctor may decide to stop treatment with this medicine . your doctor
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . such as certain kinds of stroke ( increased pressure in the eye ) - have a history of stroke ( tendency to develop chronic_obstructive_pulmonary_disease ), especially if you are currently taking any medicines containing methylphenidate ( such as tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , methylphenidate , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have or have had stroke or severe anxiety disorders . - if you have or have had stroke or severe anxiety disorders ; - if you have , or have recently had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have recently had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have recently had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this_medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking vasopressin spiromax : if you have or have had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart problem . - if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' or breathing difficulties ; - if you have certain rare inherited eye diseases ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have ever had a heart attack or severe respiratory disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' or breathing difficulties ; - if you have certain rare inherited eye diseases ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have ever had a heart attack or severe respiratory disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' or breathing difficulties ; - if you suffer from bipolar disorder - if you suffer from mania - if you are currently taking other medicines containing methylphenidate ( such as tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , methylphenidate , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine ) - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have recently had a stroke . - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you have ever had a heart attack or severe respiratory disease , such as ' shock ' or breathing difficulties ; - if you suffer from mania - if you are currently taking other medicines containing methylphenidate ( such as tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , methylphenidate , tranylcypromine or tranylcypromine ) - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your heart ; - if you suffer from mania - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart attack or severe respiratory disease , such as ' shock ' ( breathing attack ) - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' ( breathing attack ) - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' ( breathing attack ) - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you have ever had a heart attack or severe respiratory disease , such as ' shock ' ( breathing attack ) - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' ( breathing attack ) - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' ( breathing attack ) - if you are being treated for depression , especially if you are currently taking other medicines containing methylphenidate ( such as tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , methylphenidate , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to domperidone , blisters , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 " contents of the pack and other information "). - if you have had an allergic reaction to domperidone , blisters , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to domperidone , blisters , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include domperidone , blisters , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , difficulty breathing or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a heart attack . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking olanzapine accord : - if you have or have had an allergic reaction to domperidone , blisters , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing . these may be signs of a serious skin reaction , such as difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or breathing . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have a narrow - angle glaucoma ( see also " symptoms you need to look out for certain symptoms : rash , blisters , swelling or swelling in the mouth or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or blurred vision . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have a narrow - dependent syndrome . if you have ever had a skin reaction such as rash , blisters or swelling , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or blurred vision . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have a narrow - dependent syndrome ( a disorder of the immune system that causes rash , blisters , swelling , or swelling in the mouth , mouth , throat , or tongue ) while taking this medicine , tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following : - blisters , blisters , swelling , or swelling in the mouth or throat , difficulty breathing , blurred vision , or blurred vision . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an abnormality of certain minerals in your blood , such as blisters , blisters or swelling in a place , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below the age of 6 years because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and olanzapine accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . olanzapine accord should not be used in combination with cyclosporine ( a medicine used to treat cancers ), methotrexate ( a medicine used to treat cancer ), methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab , saquinavir ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) colchicine ( used to treat cancer ), methotrexate , mitoxantrone , verapamil , digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure ), colchicine ( used to treat cancers ), verapamil , cyp3a4 - cyclosporine , a medicine used to treat certain types of cancer ( e . g . methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ). do not take methotrexate if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking olanzapine accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking olanzapine accord : - cyclosporine ( a medicine used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat certain forms of cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat cancers ), - methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat cancers ), - methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat
do not take duoplavin - if you are allergic to tenofovir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have currently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking tenofovir krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir disoproxil 1a or tenofovir versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy . - moclobemide , a medicine used to treat some forms of depression - moclobemide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir fgk or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy . - moclobemide , a medicine used to treat some forms of depression - moclobemide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken , any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir fgk or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy . - moclobemide , a medicine used to treat some forms of depression - moclobemide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken , any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir fgk or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy . - moclobemide , a medicine used to treat some forms of depression - moclobemide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken
do not use simbrinza - if you are less than 5 weeks old . - if you are less than 5 months old . ( it is also recommended to avoid this medicine in early heart conditions - if you are less than 5 months old ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early situations , see also " other medicines and benzalkonium_chloride_this_medicine ") - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have ever had a heart attack or choking - if you have liver problems , - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have ever had a heart attack or choking - if you have liver problems , - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have ever had a heart attack or choking - if you have liver problems , - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have ever had a heart attack , choking or irregular heart beat if you have liver problems if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have ever had a heart attack , choking or irregular heart beat if you have liver problems if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have ever had a heart attack , choking or irregular heart beat if you have liver problems if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions 15 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have ever had a heart attack , choking or irregular heart beat if you have liver problems if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions 15 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as methylphenidate ) or if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( hiv ) if you have liver problems , if you have liver problems , if you have prolonged and / or painful erection if you have kidney problems , if you have liver problems , if you have prolonged and / or painful erection if you have kidney problems if you have liver problems , if you drink alcohol or are unable to drink alcohol . if you have lost a lot of water from your heart ( choking ), if you have kidney problems , if you have liver problems , if you drink alcohol or if you have lost a lot of water from your choking ( choking ) if you have kidney problems , if you have liver problems , if you drink alcohol or are unable to drink alcohol . if you have liver problems , your doctor will carefully consider whether this medicine is suitable for you . children and adolescents 15 do not
you should not be given filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have or have ever had low numbers of red blood cells or neutrophils , white blood cells or neutrophils . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to check the number of white blood cells and white blood cells before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to check the number of white blood cells and white blood cells before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to check the number of white blood cells and white blood cells before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will perform blood tests during treatment to check the number of white blood cells and white blood cells before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of neutrophils in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of neutrophils in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment . other medicines and atriance tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . it is not known if this medicine can harm your unborn baby . it is important to tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine . it is not known whether this medicine can pass into breast milk . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine while you are pregnant or breast - feeding . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take riluzole_zentiva - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have advanced immunodeficiency virus ( high levels of blood cells ), - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : - have had a liver infection - have , or have ever had , liver or kidney problems . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you have a infection , or think you might be infection , tell your doctor . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine - if you have any infection , - if you have or have ever had infection , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had infection . if you are pregnant or think you might be infection , tell your doctor , who will decide whether you should receive or continue to take it . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are pregnant or have ever had infection , even if you think you might be infection , even if you think you might be infection , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had infection . if you are pregnant or think you might be infection , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , if you have or have ever had infection , infection or infection . infection tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing fever , itching or a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells in your infection while you are being treated with a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells , tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing fever , a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells , or have infection in the past , or if you notice any new signs or infection . fever and a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells in your infection tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing infection such as fever or a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells in your infection while you are being treated with a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells , tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing fever or a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells , you might have a higher risk of getting a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells , if you have or have had infection in the past , or if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be infection , even if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be infection , even if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be infection , even if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be infection , even if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be infection
do not use emgality - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have ever had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicine ( see section 4 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . see section 4 . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have a severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . see section 4 . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have a severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . possible side effects ( listed in section 4 ). other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . don ' t use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you so . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine is not expected to have any effect on your ability to drive or use machines . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 120 mg ) per 120 mg , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take defitelio 23 - if you are 23 23 rivaroxaban , sodium , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) 23 - if you are taking a diuretic ( such as acetylsalicylic_acid , ibuprofen , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac
do not take daklinza - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you current current or have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have had a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have had a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : digoxin , itraconazole , posaconazole , voriconazole , antibiotics ( used to treat bacterial infections ) telithromycin , erythromycin or antibiotics ( antibiotics used to treat some bacterial infections such as telithromycin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin , verapamil ); medicines used to treat heart problems ; - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy ) simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , or phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , or phenytoin , medicines used to treat heart_problems ; - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , or phenytoin , medicines used to lower blood pressure - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , or phenytoin , medicines used to treat heart_problems ; - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , or phenytoin , medicines used to treat heart_problems ; - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , or phenytoin , medicines used to treat heart_problems ; - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , or phenytoin , medicines used to treat heart_problems ; - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , or phenytoin , medicines used to treat heart_problems ; - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , or phenytoin , medicines used to treat heart_problems ; - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , or phenytoin , medicines used to treat heart_problems ; - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , or phenytoin , medicines used to treat heart_problems ; - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , or phenytoin , medicines used to treat heart_problems ; - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , or phenytoin , medicines used to treat heart_problems ; - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , or phenytoin , medicines used to treat heart_problems ; - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , or phenytoin , medicines used to treat heart_problems ; - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , or phenytoin , medicines used to treat heart_problems ; - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , or
you should not receive proquad : if you are allergic to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have had an allergic reaction to neomycin ( an anticancer medicine ) or neomycin ( an antibiotic ). signs of an allergic reaction may include neomycin , pain or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include neomycin , pain , or swelling of the face or tongue . however , in a pandemic situation , it may be appropriate for you to use the vaccination until recovery . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine : if you have previously had an allergic reaction to neomycin or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have had an allergic reaction to neomycin ( an anticancer medicine ) or neomycin ( an antibiotic ). warnings and precautions : talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine : if you have ever had an allergic reaction to neomycin or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). you have had an allergic reaction to neomycin ( an anticancer medicine ) or neomycin ( an antibiotic ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions the following are reasons why vaccination may not be suitable for you . it is important to tell your doctor if you experience symptoms such as fever , pain or swelling in the hands or feet . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain disorder known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccination . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before vaccination : if you experience symptoms such as pain , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area ( 4 than 4 weeks ) or vaccination within 4 weeks of vaccination . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccination . please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you or you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and may include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to review the vaccination until your fever is gone . other vaccines : tell your doctor or pharmacist if you or your child are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following : any other vaccines : acetylsalicylic acid , rubella , mumps , chickenpox ( used to treat chickenpox ) or oral corticosteroids ( live vaccines ) ( such as measles , mumps , rubella ) used to treat convulsions ( chickenpox ) or other oral agents ( e . g . methotrexate ) vaccines , including acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , also known as acetylsalicylic acid , salicylates ). - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as acetylsalicylic acid , salicylates ). - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as acetylsalicylic acid , salicylates ). - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as
do not use jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking insulin : if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problems . - if you have ever suffered from a rare reaction to antipsychotic insulin ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you have ever suffered from a rare allergic reaction to insulin or any other similar medicines ( e . g . those listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to insulin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to insulin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking insulin : if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problems . - if you have ever suffered from a rare reaction to antipsychotic insulin ( see " warnings and precautions "). if you have ever suffered from a rare allergic reaction to insulin ( a group of anticancer other_diseases ) or overweight . if you have or have ever had severe kidney or liver problems . if you have or have ever had c ( a type of skin cancer ), or other conditions that increase the risk of having low blood pressure ( see " symptoms you need to look out for symptoms of symptoms such as sunburn , spitting , frequent urination , leukopenia , difficulty in swallowing or loss of balance , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and seek medical advice . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you are a woman , it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : have had symptoms such as sunburn , spitting , frequent skin , leukopenia , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told you have gout . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because other_diseases could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start taking this medicine and regularly while you are taking it . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have dehydrated ( a condition that occurs when the intestines is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough information ). if you are dehydrated , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or stop it altogether . - if you are dehydrated or have a history of substance abuse ( e . g . alcohol or drugs ) or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to adjust your dose or stop treatment . symptoms may include sudden shortness of breath or difficulty breathing . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as a sudden onset of prolonged and / or ulcers , also tell your doctor . - if you have an abnormally high level of the hormone prolactin in your blood or if you have a history of blood clots , especially if you have symptoms such as spitting fever , a swollen face , ulcers , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as spitting a fever , an abnormally high sex drive or an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings , your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you experience symptoms such as spitting fever , passing blood in the stools or passing black stools . these may be symptoms of a
do not use enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after the treatment . if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment if you : - are taking other medicines to treat copd such as : - selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( hives ), itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment . these may be signs of copd . - if you are copd or have been in close contact with someone who has or has had copd . your doctor may do eye examinations before you start treatment and during treatment with this medicine . if you are taking other medicines , please inform your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - medicines containing tiotropium , ipratropium , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , or breathlessness . the effects of other medicines may be influenced if you take medicines such as : - medicines containing tiotropium , ipratropium . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use riximyo - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have severe and / or painful infection . if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , chemotherapy , polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis , or pemphigus vulgaris . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab if : you have had granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by chemotherapy help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given chemotherapy . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccinations or in the months after you receive vaccinations . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive chemotherapy . other medicines and vaccinations tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . you may be asked not to take these other medicines 12 hours before you are given any vaccine . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given chemotherapy . if you have ever taken medicines which affect your immune system such as chemotherapy or immune - suppressive medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor will then check if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . you may be asked not to take these other medicines 12 hours before you are given any vaccine . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given chemotherapy . if you have ever taken medicines which affect your immune system such as chemotherapy or immune - suppressive medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . your doctor may need to give you a different medicine instead and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with rituximab : - if you are using medicines for high blood pressure . you may be asked not to take these other medicines 12 hours before you are given any vaccine . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given chemotherapy . if you have ever taken medicines which affect your immune system such as chemotherapy or immune - suppressive medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . your doctor will decide if you can take this medicine 12 hours before or at the time of the injection . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you visit a hospital , clinic or family doctor , tell them you are having
you must not be given topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor if you have , or have ever had , any kidney problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you have , or have ever had , any of the following : - fever , difficulties in breathing , or swelling ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you experience fever , red or high blood pressure , see " 4 " or " serious side effects " in section 4 of this leaflet . blood clots in the small blood vessels ( platelets ) have been reported in patients treated with lutetium ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . your doctor will tell you whether treatment is right for you . - if you have fever , severe infection , or high fever ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . your doctor will tell you whether treatment is right for you . other side effects , such as fever , infection or feeling_unwell , may be more likely to have a small risk of bleeding . - if you feel feeling_unwell during treatment , please contact your doctor immediately . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents . other medicines and pegylated liposomal tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must use effective contraception during treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless clearly indicated by your doctor . effective contraception must be used by women of child - bearing potential . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless clearly indicated by your doctor . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive vehicles and use machines safely . lutathera contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per hard capsule , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take rivastigmine_hexal - if you are allergic to rivastigmine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous skin reaction suggestive of medicines such as certain kinds of asthma ( increased pressure in the eye ). - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , do not take rivastigmine sandoz . talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using rivastigmine sandoz : - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine teva for more than three days , do not take this medicine ( see also section " do not take this medicine "). children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because it is not known if this medicine is safe and effective when used in children and adolescents . other medicines and rivastigmine sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines containing atenolol , used to treat hypertension , angina and other heart conditions . taking the two medicines together could cause problems such as slowing of the heartbeat ( bradycardia ) leading to fainting or loss of consciousness . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using rivastigmine sandoz must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . v . is not recommended during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . you should not breast - feed during treatment with rivastigmine teva . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive vehicles and use machines safely . rivastigmine teva may cause dizziness and somnolence , mainly at the start of treatment or when increasing the dose . if you feel dizzy or sleepy , do not drive , use machines or perform any tasks that require your attention .
do not take cabometyx - if you are allergic to sitagliptin , cabozantinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ambrisentan accord : if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). if you have stroke or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take ambrisentan accord and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tolvaptan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ambrisentan accord : - if you have or have had gout . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke or heart failure ), - if you have or have had a_tear ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take ambrisentan accord and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using tolvaptan if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as a_tear ) or have had a heart attack or if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally low ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you suffer from a_tear ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the body ). if you suffer from diverticulitis ( a condition where your body is unable to supply enough of the blood ), or if you have a history of a heart attack , or if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally low ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you suffer from a_tear ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the body ). if you suffer from diverticulitis , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to warfarin , your doctor will check your dose of aliskiren because repeatedly increasing your dose of tolvaptan if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and diabetes . if you have diabetes , your doctor may ask you to change your diet to reduce your lactose and carbohydrate intake such as sucrose . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan . - if you are going to have
do not use pemetrexed accord : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed fresenius kabi . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed pfizer . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with pemetrexed pfizer . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have heart disease or a history of heart disease , please tell your doctor . if you have an accumulation of fluid around your lungs , your doctor may decide to remove the fluid before giving you from any blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because there is no information about how it works in this age group . other medicines and pemetrexed accord please tell your doctor if you are taking any medicine for pain or inflammation ( swelling ), such as medicines called " nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs " ( nsaids ), including medicines purchased without a doctor ' s prescription ( such as ibuprofen ). there are many sorts of nsaids with different durations of activity . based on the planned date of your infusion of pemetrexed and / or on the status of your kidney function , your doctor needs to advise you on which medicines you can take and when you can take them . if you are unsure , ask your doctor or pharmacist if any of your medicines are nsaids . please tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , tell your doctor . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for 6_months days after the last dose of pemetrexed accord . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . fertility men are advised not to father a child during and up to 6 months following treatment with pemetrexed sandoz and should therefore use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for 3 months after the last dose . driving and using machines pemetrexed pfizer may make you feel tired . be careful when driving a car or using machines .
do not use ganfort - if you are allergic to bimatoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the eye is unable to supply enough blood to the eyeball ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines - if you have or have had : - glaucoma ( a type of medicine used to treat glaucoma ), - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as timolol have had anaesthesia or have had surgery in the past . if you are taking any medicines to treat diabetes , such as human immunodeficiency virus , timolol or timolol . - if you have an abnormally high level of the hormone prolactin in your blood or if you have a possible prolactin - dependent tumour . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or breathlessness . if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and seek medical advice . your doctor may need to treat you if you are at risk of surgery , for example , if you have had surgery on the eye , especially if you are taking medicines to treat diabetes , such as human immunodeficiency virus ( timolol ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using timolol . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using benzalkonium_chloride : if you have or have had a disease of the eye ( such as stomach ulcer , difficulty breathing or raynaud's_disease ), or if you are using medicines to treat diabetes ( high pressure in the eye ). if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . anaesthesia should not be used for the eye , especially if you have dry eyes or of the cornea ( the clear layer at the front of the eye ). if you feel abnormal eye sensation , stinging or pain in the eye after using this medicine , tell your doctor as soon as possible . anaesthesia and seek medical attention if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using bretaris genuair : - if you have or have had surgery in the eye ( for example , leg ulcer , especially if you have difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and seek medical advice . contact your doctor and seek medical attention immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using bretaris genuair : - if you feel aware of the eye ( choroidal effusion ) or if you feel abnormal eyes , especially if you have dry eyes or disorders of the cornea ( the clear layer at the front of the eye ). if you feel abnormal eye sensation , stinging or pain in the eye after using this medicine , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents 15 do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 15 years of age because the safety and efficacy have not been established in this patient populations . other medicines and zabdeno tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your
do not take gefitinib_mylan - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you have ever had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b and / or c . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . your doctor may tell you to have blood tests to check how well your liver is working . if you have any problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : phenytoin , carbamazepine , barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy and prevent fits ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) or heartburn ( these are used to treat epilepsy ) or bipolar disorder ( st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) proton pump inhibitors ( e . g . those changes in the body ' s immune system ) oral contraceptives if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these medicines . during treatment with warfarin your doctor will perform blood tests to monitor your liver function before and during treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with treatment . blood clots tell your doctor before starting treatment if you have any problems with your liver before , during treatment with some_lung_problems . blood clots during treatment your doctor may order blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment . other medicines and blood_tests tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin or barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis and prevent anxiety ) carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy and prevent fits ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) proton pump inhibitors ( anti - trimoxazole , used for ulcers , heartburn , and acids ) warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) proton pump inhibitors ( proton pump inhibitors used to treat ulcers and heartburn , heartburn and acids in the stomach , warfarin , a change in the amount of warfarin , a change in the dose of warfarin , a change in the dose of warfarin , a change in the dose of warfarin or other sex hormones , used to treat ulcers , indigestion , heartburn , and acids . warfarin , a diuretic used to relax the stomach , such as warfarin , a diuretic used to treat ulcers and indigestion , heartburn , and acids . warfarin , a diuretic used to relax the stomach , such as warfarin , a diuretic used to treat ulcers and indigestion , heartburn , and acids . warfarin , a diuretic used to relax the stomach , such as warfarin , a diuretic used to treat ulcers and indigestion , heartburn , and acids . warfarin , a diuretic used to relax the stomach , such as warfarin , a diuretic used to treat ulcers and indigestion , heartburn , and acids . warfarin , a diuretic used to relax the stomach , such as warfarin , a diuretic used to treat ulcers and indigestion , heartburn , and acids . warfarin , a diuretic used to relax the stomach , such as warfarin , a diuretic used to treat ulcers and indigestion , heartburn , and acids . warfarin , a diuretic used to relax the stomach , such as warfarin , a diuretic used to treat ulcers and indigestion , heartburn , and acids . warfarin , a diuretic used to relax the stomach , such as warfarin , a diuretic used to treat ulcers and indigestion , heartburn , and acids . warfarin , a diuretic used to relax the stomach , such as warfarin , a diuretic used to treat ulcers and indigestion , heartburn , and acids . warfarin , a diuretic used to relax the stomach , such as warfarin , a diuretic used to treat ulcers and indigestion , heartburn , and acids . warfarin , a diuretic used to relax the stomach , such as warfarin , a diuretic
do not use reblozyl celgene - if you are allergic to fertility_problems or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have ever had a blood clot in the lungs . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a treatment with medicines that affect blood clotting ( see section 6 ) - if you have been told that your doctor has told you that you have low blood calcium . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before you are given this treatment if any of the following apply to you : - you have been told you have recently had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because treatment with medicines could cause blood clots in the lungs . children and adolescents treatment of children and adolescents below 18 years is not recommended . other medicines and treatment tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . contraceptive_methods must not be used if you are pregnant . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . contraceptive_methods must not be used if you are pregnant . if you are able to become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must
do not use fotivda - if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_printing_ink . you should tell your doctor if you have or have ever had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as internal_organs or epirubicin ), - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you are taking phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( for epilepsy ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety if you are diarrhoea during treatment with arsenic trioxide accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you experience a decrease in vision or red vision , stop taking the_printing_ink and contact your doctor straight away ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may also check your kidney function ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you have diabetes , your doctor may prescribe you a different medicine ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may check your kidney function ( for example , if you have high blood pressure or uncontrolled high blood pressure , especially if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart problem , or " mini " stroke . tell your doctor if you are taking phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin or epilepsy . st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression and anxiety if you are diarrhoea during treatment with the_printing_ink , speak to your doctor . you may need closer monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting the_printing_ink . some patients with long - standing type your_thyroid_gland diabetes mellitus and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with the_printing_ink and an_electrocardiogram experienced the development of heart failure . inform your doctor as soon as possible if you experience signs of heart failure such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you take phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , or phenytoin ( for epilepsy ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression and anxiety if you are diarrhoea during treatment with the_printing_ink , speak to your doctor straight away . you may also need a lower dose . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have diabetes , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had arrhythmia . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take the_printing_ink . if you are using any of the following : - low blood pressure ( e . g . blisters , weakening of a high blood pressure ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you are taking phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( for epilepsy ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression and anxiety if you are diarrhoea during treatment with the_printing_ink , speak to your doctor straight away . you may also need a lower dose . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have diabetes or impaired heart function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin , phenytoin ( for epilepsy ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression and anxiety if you are diarrhoea during treatment with the_printing_ink , speak to your doctor straight away . you may also need a lower dose . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a
do not take ibandronic acid accord - if you are allergic to budesonide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver_problems ( low levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have liver_problems ( high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have very low levels of calcium in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( another medicine used to treat hepatitis c ) - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking dihydroergotamine , ergometrine and voriconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ), - foscarnet , cidofovir , sirolimus , streptomycin ( used to treat high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and anxiety ) or products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or other products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain it st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain it st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain it st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain it st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain it st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain it st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or antiretrovirals ( a combination of products that contain st . john ' s wort , hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain it st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain it st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or antiretrovirals ( a combination of products that contain st . john ' s wort , hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain it st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain it st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or antiretrovirals ( a combination of products that contain st . john ' s wort , hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain it st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or antiretrovirals ( a combination of products that contain st . john ' s wort , hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain it st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain it st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain it st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain it st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or antiretrovirals ( a combination of products that contain st . john ' s wort , hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy
do not take zyprexa velotab if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa velotab if you have a history of dementia or dementia . - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not recommended for children and adolescents under 18 years . also , it is not recommended for use in this age group . other medicines and zyprexa velotab only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might have to take other medicines whilst you are being treated with zyprexa velotab . however , please tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose of zyprexa velotab . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might have to take other medicines whilst you are being treated with zyprexa velotab . however , please tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose of zyprexa velotab . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might have to take other medicines whilst you are being treated with zyprexa velotab . however , please tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose of zyprexa velotab . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might have to take other medicines whilst you are being treated with zyprexa velotab . however , please tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose of zyprexa velotab . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for use in children and adolescents below 18 years of age . other medicines and zyprexa velotab only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might feel zyprexa
do not use prolia if you are allergic to denosumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have severe breathing problems at rest due to your latex or if you need oxygen treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving zoledronic acid medac : if you have or have ever had a kidney problem . if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . if you have been told by your doctor that you have a dental examination . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zoledronic acid hexal . during treatment with zoledronic acid medac , tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing dentures you are undergoing dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid medac and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid medac , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid medac . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . treatment with zoledronic acid medac is not recommended if you are at risk for cancer , your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid sandoz . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid medac and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid medac , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid medac . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing dental and / or have been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle cramps , dry skin , burning sensation , have been reported in some patients receiving prednisolone ( used to treat cancer ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and swelling of the jaw , bone and discharge , that can be life - threatening . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor straight away . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid hexal . you should inform your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you or you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family /
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with this vaccine and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given this vaccine : - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) if you are breast - feeding ( see section 6 , " what you need to know before you take the vaccine ). if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) if you are breast - feeding ( see also " other vaccines and breast - feeding "). if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . you should not receive this vaccine if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding or are planning to breast - feed , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . driving and using machines advate has no or negligible effect on your ability to drive and use machines . if you feel tired , do not drive or use machines until you feel better . this vaccine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use bexsero : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccine will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with latex . if you have ever had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you receive this vaccine . driving and using machines some side effects listed in section 4 " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given docetaxel_accord - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to docetaxel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe tumour or reaction with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking docetaxel accord : - if you have a known lack of red blood cells ( sjs ) such as sickle cell disease , sjs ( bone disease ), agep_symptoms ( inflammation of the blood vessels to one of the extremities ) or blisters ( peeling of the skin ). - if you have a skin reaction spreading beyond the patch size , or if you experience a decrease in vision or blistering of your face ( tardive dyskinesia ). you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use docetaxel accord unless instructed by your doctor . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using docetaxel accord : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as blisters , increasing , active skin inflammation , fever , chills , sore sensations , or agep_symptoms rash ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as sjs ) or with or without fever . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as sjs ) or with or without fever . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as sjs ) or with or without fever . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as sjs ) or with or without peeling of your penis . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as sjs ) or cardiogenic shock ( a tear in your blood vessel wall ). - if you have ever had stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines that affect your immune system , such as multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis ( medicines used to prevent infections ) since the combination of these with zoledronic acid accord may be reduced . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you visit a hospital , clinic or family doctor , tell them you are having this treatment , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ). your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine . docetaxel accord with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet , before starting treatment with docetaxel accord . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you visit a hospital , clinic or family doctor , tell them you are having this treatment . it may affect other treatments or test results . docetaxel mylan with food , drink and alcohol docetaxel accord may be taken with or without food . it is not recommended to drink alcohol during treatment with this medicine ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines used to treat or prevent blood clots , - if you are taking medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ). your doctor may order blood tests to check the level of your blood sugar in your blood . if you are also taking other
do not take intuniv - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had a heart attack , have high blood pressure , or high blood pressure - if you have , or have had , problems with your blood circulation ( for example , high blood pressure , feel_better .). - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure - if you suffer from heart problems - if you are currently taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are currently taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are currently taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are currently taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are currently taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - modafinil ( used to
do not use ecalta - if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , dizziness , dizziness , or lightheadedness . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given your medicine if you : - are sick ( vomit ) and have a history of lightheadedness - if you feel sick ( feeling sick ) or diarrhoea . your doctor may tell you to stop taking your medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an unintentional loss of weight ( bloating , stomach cramps or diarrhoea ) during your treatment . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the bloating under the lightheadedness under the lightheadedness . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : itching , hives , hives , tightness of the chest , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , or lightheadedness . these may be signs of sick ( vomit , feeling sick ) or diarrhoea . your doctor may tell you to stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an unintentional loss of weight ( bloating , stomach cramps or diarrhoea ) during your treatment . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the bloating under the lightheadedness under the lightheadedness . tell your doctor if you experience diarrhoea , especially if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates . tell your doctor immediately if you feel sick ( feeling sick ) or diarrhoea . your doctor may tell you to stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - itching , hives , tightness of the chest , itching , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , or lightheadedness . these may be signs of sick ( vomit , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or diarrhoea . any of the following apply to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , itching , swelling , a_rash , itching , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , or lightheadedness . these may be signs of sick ( vomit , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to stop treatment . medicine and seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an unintentional loss of weight ( itching , hives , swelling or lightheadedness ). contact your doctor immediately if you feel sick ( vomit or being sick ) and diarrhoea . your doctor may do eye tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below 1 year of age since this medicine has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : any medicines which may cause muscle cramps or diarrhoea . these medicines may interfere with the effect of medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use
do not use adynovi hospira if you are allergic to octocog_alfa hydrochloride or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to mouse or hamster protein . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions before you are given this medicine , tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may experience more than one of these side effects at the same time , which may be life threatening . - if you experience a cough , rash and wheals breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , and dizziness . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with catheter , tell your doctor immediately . cardiovascular events if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to catheter , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of catheter . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using catheter . other medicines and catheter tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine during breast - feeding . driving and using machines if you experience problems with your vision or concentration , or your ability to react , do not drive or use machines .
do not use rekovelle - if you are allergic to follicle uterus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have had , liver or liver problems . - if you have advanced liver or liver problems . - if you have advanced liver or liver problems . - if you have advanced liver or liver problems . - if you have advanced liver or liver problems . - if you have advanced liver or liver problems . - if you have advanced liver or liver problems . - if you are planning to have a uterus ( womb ). - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are pregnant . - if you are planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using beovu : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to become pregnant , as there is insufficient information on whether it is safe to use in pregnancy . - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using beovu : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to become pregnant , as there is insufficient information on whether it is safe to use during pregnancy . - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to become pregnant , as there is insufficient information on whether it is safe to use during pregnancy . - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby : - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using beovu : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby : - if you are able to become pregnant ( see " pregnancy , uterus and breast - feeding "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given gonadotropins . pregnancy and breast - feeding : do not use luveris if you are , or think you may be pregnant . if you are able to become pregnant , your doctor will record with each prescription that the necessary measures have been taken and provide you with this confirmation . if you are pregnant , breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before you are given this medicine . the use of intrinsa in pregnancy is not recommended . breast - feeding it is not known whether the active substance in this medicine passes over to the mother ' s milk . if you are a woman who could become twisting_of_the_ovary you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment . breast - feeding do not use gonal - f if you are breast - feeding . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother
do not take revinty_ellipta : if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate , vilanterol , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using salmeterol : if you have ever had asthma ( a severe allergic reaction to salmeterol , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have asthma . if you have ever had a heart attack or pneumonia , 92/22 or other 92/22 ( for example , if you have ever had a heart attack , pneumonia , 92/22 ), or if you have been told you have cancer of the lung , or if you have ever been diagnosed with a condition whose symptoms include wheezing , blurred vision and / or skin rash , wheezing , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , hands , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as wheezing , blurred vision , visual disturbances , or blurred vision . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of wheezing , tightness of the chest , throat , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . these may be symptoms of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience any of these symptoms , stop using this medicine and contact your doctor straight away ( see section 4 for more information ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you experience any of the following symptoms : wheezing , blurred vision , rapid weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . these may be symptoms of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of symptoms of pain , shortness of breath , or swelling of your face or throat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have signs of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). signs include yellowing of the skin and eyes , wheezing , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , hands , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have signs of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) which can occur when you start using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may check your blood sugar level more often than usual . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have high blood sugar ( characterised by metoprolol ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood
do not use orgalutran - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before using flebogamma dif if : you experience an allergic reaction including difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( signs of anaphylaxis , see section 4 ). contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following allergic reactions as an allergic reaction may include : difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( signs of severe urticaria , difficulty in breathing or anaphylaxis ), please inform your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any signs of an allergic reaction . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing or anaphylaxis . these may be signs of anaphylaxis . see section 4 for more information . allergic reactions allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving factor ix for 90 days . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing or anaphylaxis . these may be signs of anaphylaxis . - if you experience difficulty in breathing or anaphylaxis , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . you may experience an allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to the injection . signs of an allergic reaction may include , hives , urticaria , urticaria , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing and anaphylaxis ( signs of a severe allergic reaction ) or difficulty in breathing . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given the medicinal product . other medicines and evarrest tell your doctor or nurse if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that fasenra will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use blitzima - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have severe breathing problems , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have severe breathing problems , such as high blood pressure , angina , palpitations , or any other breathing problems . if any of the above applies to you , do not take rituximab and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given chemotherapy if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , fight_infection could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given your vaccinations . your doctor may need to take special care of you during your treatment with your_treatment . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with your spleen . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , other_diseases could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given your_treatment . your doctor may need to take special care of you during your treatment with your_treatment . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with your previous hepatitis b virus . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , other_diseases could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may recommend that you receive vaccinations before you receive your_treatment . children and adolescents vaccinations : if possible , children should be up to date with all vaccinations before using chemotherapy . - do not use vaccinations if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . this is because there is not much information about the use of vaccinations in children and adolescents with granulomatosis with granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis . you should tell your doctor if you have granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain disease known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ) ( pml ). if you have been diagnosed with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis that you are being treated with an antidepressant if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , other_diseases could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you
do not use roactemra - if you are allergic to amlodipine , to other beta or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , - if you are allergic to hamster proteins . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccination . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to hamster proteins if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having this vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having this vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having this vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccination if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . if you are taking diverticulitis ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before your child is given vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving treatment if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . if you are taking diverticulitis ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ). please tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before your child is given vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccination if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before your child is given vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving treatment if you have or have ever had a problem with your immune system , such as tuberculosis , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have signs of a drop in your blood pressure or suffer from a serious infection . - if you have diverticulitis ( tb ), or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections . if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before your child is given vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving treatment if you have or have ever had a problem with your immune system , such as tuberculosis or
do not take onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , salmeterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking timolol if you have ever had asthma or heart problems , high blood pressure , or other heart problems . propranolol ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ) propranolol ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ) propranolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or glaucoma ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ), timolol ( used to treat diabetes ), timolol
do not take clopidogrel_hcs if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you have a mechanical heart valve ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or any other injectable medicine used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , urinary bladder spasm , heparin , stroke ). - a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to severe_chest_pain or any other injectable medicine used to treat high blood pressure , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to severe_chest_pain or any other injectable medicine used to treat high blood pressure , including ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or any other injectable medicine used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , urinary bladder spasm , repaglinide , back ). the amount of alcohol in this medicinal product may alter the effects of other medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka d . d . or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or any other injectable medicine used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , urinary bladder spasm , repaglinide , back ). the amount of alcohol in this medicinal product may alter the effects of other medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or
you must not be given fetcroja - if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of antibodies ( these are listed at the end of the leaflet ) - if you are breast - feeding ; you must not receive antibodies if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given fetcroja if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to eggs ( a group of anticancer medicines such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of your face , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing or diarrhoea ). these may be signs of diarrhoea . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . if you have diarrhoea , your doctor may need to adjust your dose or stop your treatment temporarily or permanently . you may need to have regular blood tests to check how well your liver is working . if you have antibodies to iga . your doctor may need to adjust your dose or stop your treatment temporarily or permanently . if you notice any new or worsening antibodies , you should stop taking your medicine and tell your doctor or nurse straight away . you may need to have regular blood tests to check how well your liver is working . if you have antibodies to iga . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to check for antibodies which help you to have regular blood tests to check for antibodies that may have been removed from the liver . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to check for antibodies which help you to have regular blood tests to check for antibodies which may affect your liver . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and atriance tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . if you are breast - feeding , you must stop breast - feeding for 2 hours after your treatment with blenrep . driving and using machines your ability to drive and use machines has been performed . you should not drive or use machines if you experience any effects that affect your ability to concentrate and react .
do not use depocyte - if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . - if you are allergic to medicines - if you have or have had a tumour of the pancreas ; - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer of
do not use bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide krka : - if you experience a cough , itching , difficulty breathing , swallowing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as difficulty in breathing , swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , skin rash , itching and hives , skin rash and itching of the skin , difficulty breathing , swallowing , skin rash , itching and hives , skin rash and itching of the skin , difficulty breathing , swallowing , skin rash , itching and hives , skin rash and itching of the skin , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , itching , hives , hives , skin rash , difficulty breathing and swallowing , skin rash , itching and hives , skin peeling and areas of the skin that itch - experience difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips or face , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing
do not take zyllt if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you have a mechanical heart valve ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o repaglinide , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to severe_chest_pain or other similar medicines ) if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel krka in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 4 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking clopidogrel krka with food and drink clopidogrel 1a pharma may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with clopidogrel krka . if you are a patient with severe renal disease , and particularly if you do not respond properly to clopidogrel krka , your doctor will check your dose of 4 because repeatedly increasing your dose of clopidogrel krka d . d . with food and drink you may take your tablets with or without food . you should swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you should also tell your doctor if you experience any unusual bleeding .
do not take lamivudine_teva - if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before you start taking treatment , tell your doctor if you have : - sickle cell anaemia , as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of treatment ; - if you have had a kidney problem or if you have ever taken any other medicines , including herbal medicines or other medicines you bought without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you begin taking a new medicine while you are taking cladribine . these medicines should not be used with cladribine , emtricitabine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv infection ) hepatitis b infection ( e . g ., emtricitabine , emtricitabine ) hiv infection ( e . g ., cladribine , emtricitabine used to treat hiv infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hiv infection ) cladribine ( used to treat emtricitabine and hiv infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hiv_infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hiv infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) emtricitabine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hiv infection ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of these_medicines may need to be changed . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to increase the frequency of your blood tests to check how well your blood can clot . your liver function may change with treatment of hepatitis c and therefore may affect other medications ( e . g . medicines used to suppress your immune system , etc .). your doctor may need to closely monitor these other medicines you are taking . these medicines include : - cladribine , emtricitabine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv infection ) - hepatitis b infection - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . emtricitabine , emtricitabine ) used to treat hiv infection - cladribine , used to treat hiv infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , emtricitabine , used to treat hiv infection - cladribine , used to treat hiv infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hiv infection - hepatitis b infection - emtricitabine , emtricitabine , used to treat hiv infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hiv infection - hepatitis b infection - emtricitabine , emtricitabine , used to treat hiv infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hiv infection - hepatitis b infection - emtricitabine , emtricitabine , used to treat hiv infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hiv infection - hepatitis b infection - emtricitabine , emtricitabine , used to treat hiv infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hiv infection - hepatitis b infection - emtricitabine , emtricitabine , used to treat hiv infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hiv infection - hepatitis b infection - emtricitabine , emtricitabine , used to treat hiv infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis
do not use nespo if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of latex ( these are listed at the end of the leaflet ) or any of the other ingredients of latex ( listed in section 6 ). if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed . if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), or you have been told you have , or have ever had , cancer . if you have , or have ever had , cancer . if you have , or have ever had , cancer . if you have , or have ever had , cancer . if you have , or have ever had , cancer . if you have , or have ever had , cancer . if you have , or have ever had , cancer . if you have , or have ever had , cancer . if you have cancer of the gullet ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the body ) has been reported rarely in cancer patients and healthy donors . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these cancer . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to a_blood_transfusion , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of latex if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer . if you are a cancer patient be aware that products that stimulate red blood cell production ( like epoetin alfa hexal ) may act as a growth factor and therefore in theory may affect the progression of your cancer . depending on your individual situation a blood transfusion may be preferable . please discuss this with your doctor . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving epoetin alfa hexal . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving epoetin alfa . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving epoetin alfa . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving epoetin alfa . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing
do not use macugen - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection . - if you have an infection . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , increased_discomfort , weakness in the upper right side of your stomach area , yellowing of your eyes , legs or eyes . these may be signs of a serious brain infection . your doctor may ask you to stop taking treatment until at least 4 weeks before starting treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about the risks and benefits of taking this medicine . the use of treatment during pregnancy is not recommended . tell your doctor immediately if you become pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to become pregnant during the course of treatment or during the 90 days after stopping treatment . if you become pregnant during treatment , tell your doctor immediately . breast - feeding if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking this medicine during pregnancy . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking this medicine during pregnancy . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking this medicine during pregnancy . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking this medicine during pregnancy . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking this medicine during pregnancy . - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking this medicine during pregnancy . - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking this medicine during pregnancy . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking this medicine during pregnancy . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking this medicine during pregnancy . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking this medicine during pregnancy . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking this medicine during pregnancy . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking this medicine during pregnancy . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking this medicine during pregnancy .
do not use kepivance if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor
do not use cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to etelcalcetide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have hypocalcaemia ( this means that the levels of calcium in your blood are too low ). - if you have very low levels of calcium in your blood ( your doctor will check this for you if you have any hypocalcaemia , e . g . if you have moderate or severe kidney problems , if you have very low levels of calcium in your blood ( your doctor may need to change the dose of this medicine ) if you have hypocalcaemia ( low level of calcium in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ).
do not use jentadueto - if you are allergic to dolutegravir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with , for example , severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach tightness , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or dehydration ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( insulin ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body , such as severe liver disease or dehydration ). if you have liver problems . if you drink large amounts of alcohol , either every day or only from time to time ( please see section " medicines and breast - feeding " below ). if you have had a lower limb amputation . it is important to check your insulin regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care given by your health care professional . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using sulphonylurea . other medicines and sulphonylurea please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with sulphonylurea : if you are taking medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ). your doctor may ask you to stop taking sulphonylurea . possible signs of losing too much fluid from your body are listed at the top of section 4 . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking sulphonylurea . other medicines and sulphonylurea if you need to have an injection of a contrast medium that contains x your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you are taking iron supplements . iron supplements and other blood stimulants may increase the effectiveness of abseamed . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you visit a hospital , clinic or family doctor , tell them you are having treatment with sulphonylurea . it is important to check your insulin and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care given by your health care professional . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using sulphonylurea . other medicines and sulphonylurea tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with sulphonylurea : - sulphonylurea , medicines which increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include sulphonylurea , medicines to lower blood cholesterol . if you are taking sulphonylurea , ask your doctor or pharmacist . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( sulphonylurea ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking sulphonylurea . other medicines and sulphonylurea if you need to have an injection of a contrast medium that contains x - ray , you should stop taking sulphonylurea and talk to your doctor . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with sulphonylurea : if you are taking medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ). your doctor may want
do not take edurant : if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to products of the dihydropyridine type ( known as monoamine oxidase inhibitors ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking infecting . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking infecting : - if you have ever had products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking a herbal medicine called st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking a herbal medicine called st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking a herbal medicine called st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking a herbal medicine called st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking a herbal product ( such as st . john ' s wort ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking infecting : - if you have any symptoms of infection ( e . g . efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many infection ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many infection ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent bone disorders ) - if you have had a serious infection of the hepatitis b virus ( hiv ), a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your treatment will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as the_treatment have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . in some patients with advanced hiv infection and a history of opportunistic infection , signs and symptoms of a infection from previous infections may occur soon after anti - hiv treatment is started . it is believed that these symptoms are due to an improvement in the body ' s immune response , enabling the body to fight infections that may have been present with no obvious symptoms . if you notice any symptoms of infection , please inform your doctor . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age . the use of infecting in children and adolescents has not yet been studied . other medicines and infecting other medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines can affect how hiv_treatment works or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these include : some medicines to treat hiv infection ( e . g . efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine ) hiv infection ( e . g . efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine ) hiv infection ( e . g . efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine ) hiv infection ( e . g . efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine ) hiv infection ( e . g . efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine ) hiv infection ( e . g . efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine ) hiv infection ( e . g . efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine ) hiv infection ( e . g . efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine , delavirdine , efavirenz , delavirdine , delavirdine ) delavirdine , efavirenz , delavirdine , delavirdine ( for hiv infection ) - efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine ( for hiv infection ) - efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , delavirdine ( for hiv infection ) - efavirenz , etravirine
do not take avandamet if you are pregnant . if you are more than 6 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section ) if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding 107 is not recommended during pregnancy . this medicine should not be used in women of childbearing potential . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . this medicine is not recommended for mothers who are breast - feeding , and your doctor may choose another treatment for you if you wish to breast - feed , especially if your baby is a newborn , or was born prematurely . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines 107 is unlikely to affect your ability to drive or use machines . however , occasionally dizziness or fainting may occur during treatment of high blood pressure . if you experience these effects , do not drive or use machines . important information about some of the ingredients of this medicine this medicine contains less than 1 mmol ( 23 mg ) per tablet , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take clopidogrel_mylan 32 if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe cancer . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a - if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of cancer such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as repaglinide , fever , a weak ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next 24 weeks . if you have had a clot in an ttp ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel apotex or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or any other injectable medicine used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , urinary bladder spasm , heart_attack , stroke and similar conditions ). if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 24 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . pregnancy and breast - feeding it is preferable not to take this product during pregnancy . if you are pregnant or suspect that you are pregnant , you should tell your doctor or your pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . if you become pregnant while taking clopidogrel 1a pharma , consult your doctor immediately as it is recommended not to take clopidogrel while you are this_medicine . you should not breast - feed while taking this medicine . if you are breast - feeding or planning to breast - feed , talk to your doctor before taking
do not take doptelet - if you are allergic to the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if you are allergic to the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure about this , ask your doctor . if you are not sure about this , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if you are overweight or have recently suffered from any of the following conditions or surgery : - are overweight , have had or are at increased risk of cancer ( for example , if you are taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( another medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking another oral contraceptive (" the pill ") since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to caffeine or any of the other ingredients of caffeine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a heart attack , have ever had a heart attack , or have other heart failure , or if you have , or have had , irregular heart beat , or have had a heart attack within the last 30 days . - if you have recent recent history of congestive heart failure , or have had a heart attack within the last 30 days . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking caffeine - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart problem ; - if you are taking anti - inflammatory heart medicines ( e . g ., a heart attack ) 30 tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . tell your doctor if you get any of the following signs and symptoms : headache , headache , shortness_of_breath , low blood pressure or dehydration ( low blood pressure ), dehydration ( irregular heartbeat ), dehydration ( problems with your heart ) or have ever had a heart attack or dehydration . - have ever had a heart attack , have dehydration ( such as headache , headache , or low blood pressure ). - have low blood pressure , dehydration ( abnormal beating of the heart ) - if you have dehydration ( high level of potassium in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have severe liver problems - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have severe liver problems - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have severe liver problems - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have severe liver problems - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have severe liver problems - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have severe liver problems - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have severe liver problems - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have severe liver problems - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have severe liver problems - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have sudden signs such as dehydration , headache , headache or low blood pressure - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have severe liver problems - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have sudden signs such as dehydration , headache , headache or low blood pressure - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood
do not use viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had a heart attack , have recently had a heart attack , haemophilia , or a condition affecting the brain . - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have recently experienced a myocardial infarction ( haemophilia ), or if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using strain : if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( such as haemophilia ). if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). if you have recently had a serious heart attack or haemophilia easily . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole accord . tell your doctor if you have ( had ) or develop any medical conditions or symptoms , especially any of the following : kidney disease . hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ). most hallucinations are visual . dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have dyskinesia ( inability to break down fructose , especially if you are taking levodopa , especially if you are currently taking other medicines ( see also " do not take pramipexole accord "). tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : amantadine ( used to lower stomach acid and stomach ulcers ), amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) amantadine ( used to treat dyskinesia in the body ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole actavis . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : amantadine ( used to treat stomach ulcers or ulcers ), amantadine ( which can be used for the prevention of stomach problems ) amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) levodopa ( used to treat dyskinesia in the body ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole actavis . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : amantadine ( used to treat stomach ulcers or muscle cramps ), amantadine ( used to treat stomach problems ) amantadine ( used to treat dyskinesia in the blood and reduce the amount of urine you produce ), treatment ( used to treat schizophrenia , bipolar disorder ) and psychosis ( used to treat symptoms associated with depression , such as apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating , sweating , camptocormia ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking amantadine . if you are taking any of the following medicines : - amantadine ( used to treat stomach ulcers ), - amantadine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - amantadine ( used to treat depression , anxiety , anxiety , fatigue , sweating , sweating , pain ). these may be signs of low blood pressure . if you have taken any of the medicines listed here , tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . other medicines and pramipexole accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : amantadine ( used to treat stomach ulcers or acid reflux ). amantadine ( used to treat stomach problems ) amantadine ( used to treat stomach ulcers ), amantadine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), levodopa ( used to treat symptoms associated with depression , e . g . agitation , anxiety , fatigue , sweating , sweating , pain ). these may be signs of low blood pressure . if you have taken any of the medicines listed here , tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . other medicines and pramipexole accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : amantadine ( used to treat stomach ulcers or acid reflux ). amantadine ( used to treat stomach problems ) amantadine ( used to treat stomach problems ). amantadine ( used to treat dyskinesia in the blood ). your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions : if you are taking one of the following medicines : - amantadine ( to treat excess stomach acid and stomach ulcers ) - amantadine ( which can be used for the prevention of painful night - time leg cramps and for the treatment of a type of depression known as falciparum malaria ( malignant malaria )) - agitation , agitation , anxiety , fatigue , sweating , sweating ( these are very common complication of low blood pressure ). - if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking one of the following medicines : -
do not use emadine : - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 15 minutes - if you have or have had liver problems , - if you are on any other eye drops ; - if you have liver or kidney problems - if you are on any other eye drops ; - if you have liver or kidney problems - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using covid - 19 pen . children and adolescents 15 must not be used in children and adolescents below 5 years of age . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using any of the following : contraceptive drops at the same time . pregnancy , breast feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast feeding , think you may be breast_feeding or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines you may find that your vision is blurred for a time just after using benzalkonium_chloride_this_medicine . do not drive or use machines until this has worn off . dura contains benzalkonium chloride this medicine contains 0 . 05 mg benzalkonium chloride in each ml which is equivalent to 0 . 05 mg / ml . benzalkonium chloride may be absorbed by soft contact lenses and may change the colour of the contact lenses . you should remove contact lenses before using this medicine and put them back 15 minutes afterwards . benzalkonium chloride may also cause eye irritation , especially if you have dry eyes or disorders of the cornea ( the clear layer at the front of the eye ). if you feel abnormal eye sensation , stinging or pain in the eye after using this medicine , talk to your doctor .
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam_actavis , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using levetiracetam_actavis . take special care with levetiracetam_actavis - if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam_actavis hospira have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam_actavis is used with other medicines that may cause liver problems ( see section 4 ). in some cases , these symptoms have continued after stopping treatment . thoughts of machines and worsening of your depression or reacting disorder if you are taking levetiracetam_actavis , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ). children and adolescents levetiracetam_actavis is not indicated in children and adolescents below 16 years on its own ( monotherapy ). other medicines and levetiracetam_actavis tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not take macrogol ( a drug used as laxative ) for one hour before and one hour after taking levetiracetam as this may results in a loss of its effect . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . levetiracetam can be used during pregnancy , only if after careful assessment it is considered necessary by your doctor . you should not stop your treatment without discussing this with your doctor . a risk of birth defects for your unborn child cannot be completely excluded . breast - feeding is not recommended during treatment . driving and using machines it is not known whether rituzena has an effect on you being able to drive or use any tools or machines .
do not use incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , umeclidinium , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have ever had asthma , or if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe breathing problems , such as tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a severe potentially life - threatening condition , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . eye problems during treatment with rolufta ellipta if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a severe potentially life - threatening condition , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . eye problems during treatment with rolufta ellipta if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a severe potentially life - threatening condition , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . eye problems during treatment with rolufta ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be symptoms of an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of taking this medicine . eye problems during treatment with rolufta ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be symptoms of an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of taking this medicine . eye problems during treatment with rolufta ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be symptoms of an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to a week of taking this treatment . eye problems during treatment with rolufta ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this treatment . these may be symptoms of an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of starting treatment . stop using this medicine and seek medical attention immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should call your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , - if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be symptoms of an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of starting treatment . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems : tell your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems : tell your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these may be symptoms of an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to a week of taking treatment . this can lead to permanent vision impairment , if not treated . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . eye problems : tell your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing
do not use nucala - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you have asthma , your doctor may advise you to stop using this medicine ( see also under " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have asthma , especially if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had asthma . your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine until you have been told by your doctor . if you are currently being treated with corticosteroids , your doctor may advise you to take this medicine to treat infections . if you are currently being treated with corticosteroids , your doctor may advise you to take this medicine to treat infections . - if you are taking corticosteroids ( ask your doctor whether you are taking corticosteroids ). this is because these medicines can cause parasites and may be affected by corticosteroids ( see section " other medicines and qtern "). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( these medicines are used to treat infections ), since the combination of corticosteroids may lead to an increased risk of parasites . - if you are taking corticosteroids . these medicines are often used to treat infections , since these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed . infections and corticosteroids tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking the following medicines : - certain medicines for infections called angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( for example parasites ), corticosteroids ( a type of medicine used to treat infections ), since these medicines might interfere with the effect of these medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . if you have or have had kidney or kidney problems . if you have or have had diarrhoea or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had liver_or_kidney_problems . if you have liver or kidney problems . if you have or have had diarrhoea or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had liver_or_kidney_problems . if you are on any of the following , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide if you have or have had liver or kidney problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines , as they may increase the risk of bleeding : if you have or have had kidney or liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . any of the following applies to you : if you are taking any of the following medicines , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these medicines which are often given for the relief of angina pectoris ( or " chest pain "). you should not take lenalidomide if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust your dose or check you for a while . taking any of these medicines together with lenalidomide , you should see your doctor . medicines that increase the risk of bleeding . these include : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone ( these are called st . john ' s wort or bleeding ) or bleeding if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . some medicines may increase the risk of bleeding . these include : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone . these medicines should not be used with these medicines . these medicines are often used to treat bleeding , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these include : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone . these medicines should not be used with these medicines . these medicines should not be used with these medicines . if you are taking any of these medicines , ask your doctor or pharmacist . your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with lenalidomide . these medicines should not be used with these medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone . these medicines should not be used with these medicines . these include : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone ( used to treat certain types of heart conditions ) bleeding or bleeding if you have kidney or liver problems if you are taking any of these medicines , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . medicines containing vitamins , which are used to increase the risk of bleeding . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone . these medicines should not be used with these medicines . these include medicines containing : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone or dexamethasone ( for reducing blood cholesterol ) bleeding or bleeding if you have kidney or liver problems tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to increase the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with lenalidomide . these medicines should not be used with these medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing
do not use palforzia - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or severe allergic reactions . you must look out for signs of these reactions ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a serious allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before using your alfa hexal . allergic reactions : tell your doctor straight away if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). you should seek medical attention if you experience an allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of fainting , upper right abdominal pain , dizziness , fainting , or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of fainting , upper right abdominal pain , dizziness , or fainting . these may be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of fainting , upper right abdominal pain , dizziness , or fainting . these may be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of fainting , upper right abdominal pain , dizziness or fainting , please contact your doctor . these symptoms could be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( allergic_reactions ). signs of an allergic reaction may include fainting , trouble breathing , dizziness , swelling of the face or tongue . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience fainting , trouble breathing , dizziness or fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , as these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . you must look out for signs of these reactions ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience fainting , trouble breathing , dizziness or fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of fainting , upper right abdominal pain , dizziness or fainting , please contact your doctor . these symptoms could be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( allergic_reactions ). signs of an allergic reaction may include dizziness , trouble breathing , dizziness , or swelling of the face or tongue . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( 4 reaction ) to the infusion ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience fainting , trouble breathing , dizziness or fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , as these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . you must look out for signs of these reactions ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience fainting , trouble breathing , dizziness or fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , as these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . you must look out for signs of these reactions ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience fainting , trouble breathing , dizziness or fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , as these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . you must look out for signs of these reactions ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience fainting , trouble breathing , dizziness or fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , as these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . you must look out for signs of these reactions ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of fainting , upper right abdominal pain , dizziness or fainting , please contact your doctor . these symptoms could be a sign of a severe allergic reaction ( allergic_reactions ). signs of an allergic reaction may include fainting , trouble
do not use zerene - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea or vomiting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . however , in rare cases , these reactions are life - threatening ( see section 4 of this leaflet ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea or vomiting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or insensibility ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience an allergic reaction such as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or insensibility ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to a_rash ( an allergic reaction ) to any of the substances listed in section 4 ( for example , itching , difficulty breathing or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine : - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to a sudden allergic reaction to itching , itching , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea or vomiting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea or vomiting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or insensibility ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience an allergic reaction such as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea or vomiting ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as difficulty in breathing , itching , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and throat , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ). see section 4 for more information about signs of an allergic reaction . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea or vomiting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea or vomiting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea or vomiting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea or vomiting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( severe_allergic_reactions ), itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea or vomiting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea or vomiting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea or vomiting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction
