do not take incivo - if you are allergic to peginterferon_alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , clarithromycin , telithromycin , troleandomycin , medicine ( used to treat hiv infections ) or hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . troleandomycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , troleandomycin ) - medicine to treat hiv infections ( aids ) - sildenafil , clarithromycin , telithromycin , troleandomycin ( medicine for hiv infection ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide accord : - if you are taking ritonavir , including ritonavir , clarithromycin , telithromycin , troleandomycin - medicine to treat hiv infection - hcv protease inhibitors ( used to treat hiv infections ) - sildenafil , clarithromycin , telithromycin , troleandomycin ( medicine to treat hiv infection ) - lopinavir / ritonavir ( hiv infection ) - sildenafil , clarithromycin , telithromycin , troleandomycin ( medicine for hiv infection ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain infections ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or colchicine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat heart problems ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart failure ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart failure ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart failure ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart failure ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart failure ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - abacavir ( such as tacrolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus ) - anti - malarial medicines ( such as bepridil , ergotamine , ergonovine , methylergonovine ) - migraine - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - cisapride ( used to treat certain infections ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or colchicine ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart failure ) - repaglinide ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - repaglinide ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart failure ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart failure ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart failure ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart failure ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart failure ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart failure ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zinbryta and will check your liver before and during treatment with zinbryta . this is to check that you have enough blood cells and will be sure to read the information given in section 4 of this leaflet . - if you have any problem with your liver or liver , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because tests could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . blood tests your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment and regularly during treatment to check how well your liver is working . your doctor will also perform blood tests to check that your liver is working properly before and during treatment with treatment to monitor your liver . your doctor will also check your liver function before and during treatment to check how well your liver is working . your doctor will also perform blood tests to check that your liver is working properly before and during treatment with treatment to monitor your liver . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and supplements tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using this medicine must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn baby . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using this medicine must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn baby . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using this medicine must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn baby . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using this medicine must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn baby . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using this medicine must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn baby . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using this medicine must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn baby . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using this medicine must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn baby . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnant women should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you it is safe to do so . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby
do not take wilzin - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine , penicillamine , or any of the other ingredients of fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic_reactions , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking methylthioninium chloride - if you have or have ever had allergic_reactions ( a type of blood cancer ) or allergic_reactions ( allergic_reactions ) - if you have ever had allergic_reactions ( allergic reaction ) to the active substance fluoroquinolones ( e . g . calcium_supplements , zinc , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones ), or fluoroquinolones ( fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones
do not take biktarvy : if you are allergic to emtricitabine , adefovir_dipivoxil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antiretrovirals : if you have liver problems , including c , or if you have been told that you have liver problems , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not take antiretrovirals if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking antiretrovirals . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antiretrovirals : if you have liver problems , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking antiretrovirals without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking antiretrovirals unless your doctor advises you to do so . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . see also section 2 , " possible side effects ". if you have liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop your treatment without contacting your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you have hepatitis b or c infection if you have liver disease , if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking it without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you have hepatitis b infection , or have had it in the past . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and tenofovir_alafenamide tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamins , aluminium , magnesium , iron , iron , lamivudine for hiv infection rifampicin , rifabutin to treat some bacterial infections rifampicin and rifabutin ( used to treat some bacterial infections such as depression ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) antacids ( e . g . aluminium , magnesium , magnesium ), iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv_infection , to treat hiv_infection and other infections ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - antacids ( e . g . aluminium , magnesium , magnesium , iron ), and iron supplements ( such as lamivudine , emtricitabine ) to treat hiv_infection and to treat hiv_infection and other infections - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - antacids ( e . g . aluminium , magnesium , magnesium , iron ), and iron supplements ( such as lamivudine , emtricitabine ) to treat hiv_infection and to treat hiv_infection and other infections . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - antacids ( e . g . aluminium , magnesium , magnesium , iron ), and iron supplements ( such as lamivudine , emtricitabine ) to treat hiv_infection and to treat hiv_infection and other infections . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - antacids ( e . g . aluminium , magnesium , magnesium , iron ), and iron supplements ( such as lamivudine , emtricitabine ) to treat hiv_infection and to treat hiv_infection and other infections . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - antacids ( e . g . aluminium , magnesium , magnesium , iron ), and iron supplements ( such as lamivudine , emtricitabine ) to treat hiv_infection and to treat hiv_infection and other infections . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - antacids (
do not take novonorm - if you are severely allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan if you have or have had a liver disease . gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) or repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ). repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels . repaglinide , a medicine used to treat a certain type of depression . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox mylan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox mylan : if you have or have had recently had a heart attack or infection . if you are over 18 years of age . if you are over 18 years of age and are taking repaglinide . if you are over 75 years of age or older . if you are over 75 years of age or older . if you are over 75 years of age or older . if you are over 75 years of age or older . if you are over 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years of age or older . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are aged 75 years or older , or if you are over 75 years old . - if you are aged 75 years or older or older - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are aged 75 years or older , or if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age - if you are
do not receive pumarix : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde and neomycin . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold , should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your response to the vaccine may then be poor . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with the_vaccine the results of these tests may not be correct . tell the doctor requesting these tests that you have recently been given this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . other medicines and abseamed tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . your doctor may need to delay the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are also taking any of the following : - medicines that affect your immune system , such as chemotherapy or immune - suppressive medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . your doctor or nurse will decide if you will receive or receive a different vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having this vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having this vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having this vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having this vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having this vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having this vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to vaccination , your doctor will record with each each dose . if you are a woman who is breast - feeding , you should not receive this vaccine . if you are a woman with a blood test that you cannot like chemotherapy , you should have a negative pregnancy test before treatment , each month during treatment , and for the treatment of your hiv vaccine . if you are a patient with severe chronic neutropenia , you may be at higher risk of developing cancer of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic syndrome ) and the formation of a blood clot in the blood . tell your
do not take somakit_toc - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking any of the following glucocorticoids : - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation and inflammation ) - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking any of the following glucocorticoids - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance used in the treatment of inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease
do not take afinitor - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving imatinib ratiopharm - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have liver problems . - if you have certain liver problems . - if you have certain liver problems . - if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given imatinib ratiopharm . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking imatinib teva . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking imatinib teva . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking imatinib teva . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking imatinib teva . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking imatinib teva . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given imatinib ratiopharm . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving imatinib ratiopharm - if you have or have had liver problems . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ). if you have diabetes , it is important that you tell your doctor if you have previously had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with imatinib teva . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because imatinib teva could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had hepatitis b infection or have previously had it in the past . in a few cases , patients who have had hepatitis b might have a repeated attack of hepatitis , which can be fatal . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given imatinib ratiopharm . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs of infection during treatment with imatinib teva . signs and symptoms that affect your liver , your doctor may decide to reduce your dose or stop your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any signs of infection during your treatment with imatinib teva . signs and symptoms that affect your liver , your doctor may decide to reduce your dose or stop your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any signs of infection during your treatment with imatinib teva . signs and symptoms that your liver may not be working properly include tuberculosis or blood clots in the first few weeks of treatment . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with these blood tests . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with these tests to check your blood cell counts regularly . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with these blood tests . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with these tests to check your blood cell counts regularly . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with blood_tests . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with treatment to check how well your liver is working . your doctor will also check your kidney function before and during treatment with treatment . blood tests your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with blood_tests . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with these
do not take laventair_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have epilepsy ( fits ) - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have severe epilepsy ( high blood sugar ). 31 - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( narrowing of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness ) while using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( difficulties in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop using this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you have asthma , especially if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( fits ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( narrowing of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness ). - if you have asthma , especially if you drink alcohol to excess ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( narrowing of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness ). - if you have asthma , especially if you drink alcohol to excess ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( narrowing of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness ). - if you have asthma , especially if you drink alcohol to excess ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( narrowing of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness ). - if you have asthma ( difficulties in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop using this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you have asthma ( difficulties in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , wheezing or breathlessness ). if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . - if you have asthma ( difficulties in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop using this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you have asthma , especially if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( fits ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( narrowing of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness ). - if you have asthma , especially if you drink alcohol to excess ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium
do not receive tremfya - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have any of the following : fever , cough , low blood pressure , fast heartbeat , cough , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , or red or high blood pressure . these may be signs of a serious and potentially life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the vaccination with an infection . it is important to tell your doctor if you get symptoms of tuberculosis , such as cough , weight loss , warm , warm , warm or red blood during or shortly after your vaccination , as these may be signs of a serious and potentially life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the vaccination with an infection . it is important to tell your doctor if you get symptoms of tuberculosis , such as cough , weight loss , warm , warm , warm or red blood during or after your vaccination . these infections may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the vaccination with an infection . it is important to tell your doctor if you get symptoms of tuberculosis , such as cough , weight loss , warm , warm , warm or red blood during or after your vaccination . these infections may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the vaccination with an infection . it is important to tell your doctor if you get symptoms of tuberculosis , such as cough , weight loss , warm , warm , red or hot during or shortly after your vaccination , as these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , your baby may be at higher risk for getting an infection . it is important to tell your doctor if your child gets symptoms of infections , such as cough , weight loss , warm , warm , warm or red blood during or after your vaccination . these infections may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the this_medicine under the vaccination . if you notice any of these signs or symptoms , stop the vaccination immediately and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . if you notice any of these signs or symptoms , stop the vaccination immediately and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . if you notice any of these signs or symptoms of infections , please inform your doctor . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby ,
do not take trepulmix - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you are being treated for high doses of substance in the blood ( electrolyte imbalances ) or hypotension . - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , heparin , st . john ' s wort , an herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - rifampicin , trimethoprim , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding , e . g . warfarin , heparin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin ) - medicines to prevent bleeding ( e . g . warfarin , heparin , acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , heparin ) - st . john ' s wort ( also known as hypericum perforatum ) or ibuprofen ( medicines to prevent bleeding ) - ibuprofen , heparin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - warfarin , such as st . john ' s wort ( herbal medicinal product ), ibuprofen ( used to relieve dizziness and fainting ). do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have any of the following : - low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have or have had liver disease . - if you have or have had severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have low blood pressure . - if you have or have had low blood pressure . - if you have or have had low blood pressure . - if you have or have had any medical problems or liver disease . - if you have or have had low levels of potassium in your blood . - if you have or have had hypotension ( a type of blood vessel ). - if you have or have had
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , throat , throat , or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , throat , throat , or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have a severe allergic reaction to heparin , such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , throat , throat , or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , throat , or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , throat , or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , throat , or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , throat , throat , or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , throat , throat , or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a allergic reaction to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , throat , throat , or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , throat , or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , throat , throat , or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , throat , throat , or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , throat , or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a allergic reaction to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , throat , throat , or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have a severe allergic reaction to heparin , such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , throat , throat , or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you
do not use senstend - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any of the following : chloroquine , primaquine , pamaquine , phenobarbital , phenytoin . - if you are taking a new medicine called your_heart_rhythm or methaemoglobinaemia . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have or have ever had any of the following : - chloroquine , primaquine , pamaquine , phenobarbital , phenytoin , phenytoin , as these may be signs of methaemoglobinaemia or methaemoglobinaemia . - if you have or have ever had adrenal insufficiency , methaemoglobinaemia or methaemoglobinaemia . - if you have been told that your doctor has told you that you have a low number of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have anaemia ( anaemia ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have anaemia ( anaemia ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to develop sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to develop sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to develop sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to develop sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to develop sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to develop sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to develop sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe liver problems - if you have sensitivity to sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have sensitivity to sensitivity to sensitivity to glucose - if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to change your dose of this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your
do not take opdivo - if you are allergic to nivolumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland - if you have severe lung or lung problems - if you have severe lung problems - if you have severe lung problems - if you have severe lung problems - if you have severe lung problems - if you have severe lung problems - if you have easy_bruising ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have diabetes ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myocarditis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs (
do not take clopidogrel_tad - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel precautions . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel precautions : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ) - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : o oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or other digitalis glycosides ( medicines used to treat depression ), - omeprazole ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or other digitalis glycosides ( medicines used to treat depression ), - omeprazole ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or ticlopidine ), - a ' time to treat blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or other digitalis glycosides ( medicines used to treat depression ), - omeprazole ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent ( medicines to reduce blood clotting ), - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or other digitalis glycosides ( medicines used to treat depression ), - omeprazole ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent ( medicines to reduce blood clotting ), - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or other digitalis glycosides ( medicines used to
do not take tacforius - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking antibiotic ( another medicine used to treat antibiotic ) - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors such as erythromycin , clarithromycin , josamycin , rifampicin , rifampicin , letermovir ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - protease inhibitors ( used to prevent and treat blood clots ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , clarithromycin , josamycin , rifampicin , saquinavir , saquinavir , dasabuvir ) - if you are taking letermovir ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - protease inhibitors ( used to treat hiv ) - protease inhibitors ( used to prevent and treat blood clots ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , the_combination_ombitasvir , nelfinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , dasabuvir ) - if you are taking letermovir ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , the_combination_ombitasvir , nelfinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir ) - dasabuvir ( used to treat certain cancers ) - protease inhibitors ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , boceprevir , and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ), used to treat hepatitis c infection - hcv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , boceprevir , and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ), used to treat hepatitis c infection - hcv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , boceprevir , and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ), used to treat hepatitis c infection - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid , used to suppress the immune system to prevent organ rejection - nilotinib and illness ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - protease inhibitors ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir , nelfinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir ) - dasabuvir ( used to treat certain cancers ) - protease inhibitors ( used to treat hiv ) - protease inhibitors ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ) used to treat hepatitis c infection - hcv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , boceprevir , and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ), used to treat hepatitis c infection - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid , used to suppress the immune system to prevent organ rejection - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir , nelfinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , dasabuvir ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( used for the treatment of hepatitis c infection ) - protease inhibitors ( used to treat hiv ) - protease inhibitors ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ) used to treat hepatitis c infection - hcv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , boceprevir , and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ), used to treat hepatitis c infection - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid , used to suppress the immune system to prevent organ rejection - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir , nelfinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , dasabuvir ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( used for the treatment of hepatitis c infection ) - protease inhibitors ( used to treat hiv ) - protease inhibitors ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ) used to treat hepatitis c infection - hcv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , boceprevir , and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ), used to treat hepatitis c infection - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ) used to treat hepatitis c infection - hcv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , boceprevir ,
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel zentiva . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel zentiva : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ) - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel zentiva : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your diabetes works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and unstable_angina e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel apotex tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel zentiva . take special care with clopidogrel 1a : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ) - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking repaglinide krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your diabetes works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor thrombotic_thrombocytopenic_purpura and unstable_angina e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel apotex tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . the main ingredient of clopidogrel krka zentiva is not recommended . you should tell your doctor if you have a stroke or " mini "
do not use yttriga - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment : if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic to allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before starting treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic to allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before starting treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic to allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before starting treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic to allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before starting treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic to allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before starting treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic to allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before starting treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic to allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before starting treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic to allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before starting treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic to allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before starting treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic to allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice
you should not be given pemetrexed 51 - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed 51 - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed 51 . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive the_treatment . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using pemetrexed accord . other medicines and pemetrexed accord please tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking pemetrexed accord during pregnancy . women must use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . fertility men are advised not to father a child during and up to 6 months following treatment with pemetrexed accord and should therefore use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for up to 6 months afterwards . if you would like to father a child during the treatment or in the 6 months following receipt of treatment , seek advice from your doctor or pharmacist . you may want to seek counselling on sperm storage before starting your therapy . driving and using machines pemetrexed hospira may make you feel tired , tired or tired . if you experience these , talk to your doctor before attempting to drive or use machines . pemetrexed mylan contains sodium 51 this medicinal product contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per 6 mg dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse carefully before you are given this medicine . it is important to tell your doctor if you or your child : - are taking or have previously taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , medicines used to treat certain types of infections . these include : careful selection of blood and plasma donors to make sure those at risk of carrying infections are excluded , and the testing of each donation and pools of plasma for signs of infections / infections . manufacturers of these products also include steps in the processing of the blood or plasma that can inactivate or remove infections . despite these measures , when medicines prepared from human blood or plasma are administered , the possibility of passing on infection cannot be totally excluded . this also applies to any unknown or emerging viruses or other types of infections . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken may be of limited value against non - enveloped viruses such as parvovirus b19 . parvovirus b19 infection may be serious for parvovirus b19 infections . parvovirus b19 infection may be serious for infections , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken may be of limited value against non - enveloped viruses such as parvovirus b19 . parvovirus b19 infection and parvovirus b19 infections may be life - threatening . parvovirus b19 infection may be serious for parvovirus b19 infections . parvovirus b19 infection may be serious for infections , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken may be of limited value against non - enveloped viruses such as parvovirus b19 . parvovirus b19 infection and parvovirus b19 infections may be life - threatening . it is strongly recommended that every time you receive a dose of medicines the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used . if you are receiving hiv medicine your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate medicines before and after receiving your medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment or monitoring may be required to be required to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are already taking : - medicines that increase the level of glucose in your blood . these include antibodies ( used to treat certain types of infections ) and / or other types of infections . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken may be of limited value against non
do not take remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver_problems ( high level of red , white , or coagulating blood cells ); - if you have sepsis ( high blood pressure ). - if you have sepsis ( uric acid crystals in the blood ) - if you have sepsis ( uric acid crystals in the blood ) - if you have sepsis ( uric acid crystals in the blood ) - if you have heart failure or have had copd in the past . - if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tb . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking kineret . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking kineret : if you have or have ever had , or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , tnf_blockers could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , tnf_blockers could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , hepatitis b , uncontrolled hepatitis b , uncontrolled hepatitis b , uncontrolled hiv , shortness of breath , fever , or flu - like symptoms , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b or c . if you have ever had hepatitis b infection . your doctor will test you for hepatitis b virus . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) or if you think he / she might be at risk of contracting hepatitis b . you have ever had hepatitis b infection or have ever had it in the past . in a few cases , patients who have had hepatitis b might have a repeated attack of hepatitis , which can be fatal . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you experience fever , pain or swelling in the upper right side of your stomach area . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have pale or bruising more easily than usual , your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . - if you have or have had tb . if you think you might be at risk of contracting hepatitis b , you must not be treated with kineret . if you have fever , bruising or other symptoms affecting your body ' s ability to fight infections , such as : - reduced liver function , hepatitis b or c . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have been in close contact with someone who has had tb . if you think you may be tb , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about taking this medicine . your doctor will test you for hepatitis b virus . if you develop new or worsening symptoms of heart failure ( e . g . shortness of breath , or swelling of your feet ), you must contact your doctor immediately . fever , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area ( pale ), pale or bleeding on the right side of your skin ( pale ), pale or worsening of your skin or eyes that could be life - threatening . please tell your doctor immediately if you develop fever or bruising , especially in the face or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , fever or swelling of your feet . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the bleeding_under_the_skin under the
do not take rasagiline_mylan - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( used to treat depression ) or parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - pethidine ( used to treat depression and other conditions ) - st . john ' s wort ( a herbal treatment ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , selective_serotonin-norepinephrine_reuptake_inhibitors could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b might have a repeated attack of hepatitis , which can be fatal . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , selective_serotonin-norepinephrine_reuptake_inhibitors could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b might have a repeated attack of hepatitis , which can be fatal . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because mao_inhibitors could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have thoughts of harming or killing yourself at any time , contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . you may find it helpful to tell a relative or close friend that you are being treated with medicines for depression or parkinson ' s disease . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment or stop treatment . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are currently taking or have taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - a herbal treatment for depression - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( used to treat depression ) - st . john ' s wort ( a herbal product used to treat depression ) - herbal preparations containing st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - pethidine ( used to treat depression ) - parkinson ' s disease - if you are being treated with another medicine containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - pethidine ( used to treat depression ) - parkinson ' s disease - if you are being treated with another medicine containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking or have taken within the last 14 days , another medicine known as a monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( maoi ) ( see also information under the headings " do not take " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you have or have had : - depression or parkinson ' s disease - are taking medicines to treat depression ( selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ) - if you are taking selective_serotonin-norepinephrine_reuptake_inhibitors ( another type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you suffer from depression and / or suicidal thoughts and you are being treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat depression ) or parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example depression , parkinson ' s disease or an aid to medicinal products ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - pethidine ( used to treat depression ) - parkinson ' s disease - if you are being treated with an anti - hiv medicine known as a monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( nasal
do not take hulio - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infections , including high blood pressure , have low blood volume that cannot be controlled . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given adalimumab if : you have a severe infections , including high blood pressure , have high blood pressure , have high blood pressure that cannot be controlled . - if you have a low number of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). if you have symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment with adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example , chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient alert card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( such as persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after treatment with adalimumab , tell your doctor straight away . he / she will decide if adalimumab is right for you . it is important to tell your doctor if you get symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment with adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient alert card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after treatment with adalimumab , tell your doctor straight away . he / she will decide if adalimumab is right for you . it is important to tell your doctor if you get symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment with adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient alert card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after treatment with adalimumab , tell your doctor straight away . he / she will decide if adalimumab is right for you . it is important to tell your doctor if you get symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment with adalimumab . if you develop new or worsening symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment with adalimumab . if you develop new or worsening symptoms of heart failure ( e . g . shortness of breath , or listlessness ), please tell your doctor , hospital pharmacist or nurse immediately . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body
do not take yellox - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking other_nsaids : - if you have asthma ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , lips and / or tongue ) when taking other_nsaids ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you have experienced severe or life - threatening allergic reaction to any other similar medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac , cortisone , diclofenac ) - if you have experienced a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , eyes , lips , lips , lips , lips , tongue or throat , hands and feet ) when taking other nasal derivatives ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , cortisone ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other breathing problems . - if you experience blurred vision or other breathing problems . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other breathing problems . - if you experience blurred vision or other breathing problems . - if you experience blurred vision or other breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking other_nsaids . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : blurred vision , blurred vision , blurred vision , pain in the chest , pain in the chest or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision , pain in the chest or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision , pain in the chest or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision , pain in the chest or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision , pain in the chest or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision , pain in the chest or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision , pain in the chest or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision , pain in the chest or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision , pain in the chest or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision , pain in the chest or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision , pain in the chest or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision , pain in the chest or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision , pain in the chest or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision , pain in the upper right side of your
do not take dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have severe breathing problems such as dizziness , shortness of breath , wheezing , - if you have severe breathing problems - if you have severe low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart
do not take erleada - if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking darunavir , apalutamide , apalutamide , apalutamide , clarithromycin , 41 warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir accord : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - amiodarone , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide ; - medicines used to treat anxiety , discomfort or opioid_addiction , used to treat breathing problems - colchicine , used to treat gout or bipolar disorder - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorder - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorder - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorder - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorder - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorder - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorder - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorder - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorder - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorder - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorder - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorder - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or stomach problems - colchicine for gout or stomach ulcers - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or stomach problems - colchicine for gout or stomach ulcers - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or stomach problems - colchicine for gout or stomach ulcers - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or stomach problems - colchicine for gout or stomach ulcers - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or stomach problems - colchicine for gout or stomach ulcers - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or stomach problems - colchicine for gout or stomach ulcers - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or stomach problems - colchicine for gout or stomach ulcers - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or stomach problems - colchicine for gout or stomach ulcers - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or stomach problems - colchicine for gout or stomach ulcers - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or stomach problems - colchicine for gout or stomach problems - colchicine for gout or stomach ulcers - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or stomach problems - colchicine for gout or stomach problems - colchicine for gout or stomach ulcers - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or stomach problems - colchicine for gout or stomach ulcers - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or stomach problems - colchicine for gout or stomach ulcers - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or stomach problems - colchicine for gout or stomach ulcers - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or stomach problems - colchicine for gout or stomach ulcers - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorders - colchicine for gout or stomach problems - colchicine for gout or stomach ulcers - colchicine for gout or stomach ulcers - quinidine , disopyramide , amiodarone , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide ; medicines for anxiety or discomfort , as these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . children and adolescents treatment should not be used in children and adolescents under 2 years of age . other medicines and darunavir mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines used to treat heart problems such as amiodarone , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide ; medicines used
do not take axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance simoctocog acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking this medicine if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems , your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . if you have kidney problems , your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents below 60 years of age . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - medicines that decrease urine production ( diuretics ) since your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding this medicine should not be used during pregnancy or breast - feeding . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take azopt - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section medicines ); - if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) or sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) or sulphonamides ( used to treat infections , e . g . sulphonamides , brinzolamide ). - if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or medicines containing sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) or sulphonamides ( used to treat infections , e . g . sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) 22 - if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) or sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) or sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) or sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) or sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) 22 - if you are being treated with medicines that affect the production of blood cells in the blood ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , medicines used to treat infections ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are allergic to brinzolamide or brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using vision_is_blurred . you should tell your doctor if you have or have had : - infections of the pancreas ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or medicines to treat infections ( e . g . sulphonamides , brinzolamide , brinzolamide ) - are allergic to sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) or sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) 22 - if you are being treated with medicines that affect the production of blood cells in the blood ( e . g . sulphonamides ) - medicines to treat infections . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is not known whether rituzena has an effect on you being able to drive or use machines .
do not take forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you experience rapid weight loss , feeling sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in insulin dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have had a lower limb amputation . it is important to check your your_blood_pressure regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care and adequate hydration given by your healthcare professional . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood and what testing should be done . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use insulin , unless instructed by your doctor . if you are a stem cell donor , you must be aware that the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , dehydration ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the your_urine has a reduced supply of your_urine ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking your_ketone_levels for a short time if you have a condition that may be allergic for a condition called " diabetic ketoacidosis " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body ( see section 2 " possible side effects "). if you are allergic to dapagliflozin , dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you experience rapid weight loss , feeling sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in insulin dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without diabetes , e . g . increase in white blood cells or dehydration ) or high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin , dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). check with your doctor if you think this applies to you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using your_ketone_levels : if you experience rapid weight loss , feeling sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in insulin dose , or a higher need of
do not take mepact - if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have neutropenia ( neutropenia ) or if you have low levels of red , white , or coagulating blood cells ( these may be signs of low levels of red , white , or coagulating blood cells ) - if you have low numbers of red , white , or coagulating blood cells . - if you have low counts of red blood cells ( headaches , chills , shivering ) - if you are being treated with any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any medicines known to reduce your immune system ( e . g . chemotherapy ) - if you are being treated with any of the medicines listed in section 4 . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any medicines that weaken your immune system ( your doctor may have to reduce the dose of chemotherapy and other medicines in order to prevent inflammations ( inflammations ) and / or any_allergic_reactions , which may be life - threatening ( such as fever , chills , and shivering ) - fever , chills , chills , shivering , fever , chills , chills , or shivering . these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). - if you have a severe infection , such as headaches , chills , shivering or feel_warm , or if you have a fever , or if you think you might be at higher risk of getting a serious infection . - if you experience headaches , chills , shivering , migraine - like symptoms , contact your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any signs of headaches , such as chills , shivering , feeling tired or being unwell . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your dose , or stop it altogether . - if you experience headaches , chills , shivering , migraine - like symptoms , contact your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any signs of headaches , such as chills , shivering , and / or feeling unwell . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your dose , or stop your treatment with a fever . if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or feel warm , tell your doctor straight away , as these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal liver condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience headaches , chills , and / or feeling unwell , tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any signs of headaches , such as chills , shivering , and / or feeling unwell . if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your dose , or stop your treatment with a fever . if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or feel warm , tell your doctor straight away , as these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal liver condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience headaches , chills , and / or feeling unwell , tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice
do not take mirvaso - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine (
do not use mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( a disease of the skin that increases the risk of serious bleeding ( e . g . stroke ). - if you have or ever had bleeding problems or if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . diverticulitis , stomach ulcers , colitis , chemotherapy ) - if you are being treated for high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ), - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blood_pressure_medicines ) - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . diverticulitis , stomach ulcers , colitis , chemotherapy ), or chemotherapy ( a drop in blood pressure on standing up from a sitting or lying position ). - if you are going to have an operation . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine ( see also " do not use this medicine ") - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . diverticulitis , stomach ulcers , colitis , swelling ), or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have surgery , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure
do not use tecartus - if you are allergic to the active substance gentamicin or gentamicin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given 2 - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given 2 - if you have ever had any of the following symptoms : chills , cough , fever , chills , chills , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , shortness of breath , cough , disorientation , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop pancreatitis . if you have a severe infection or are due to have a contrast x - ray ( a type of x - ray ) or a blood test to check your blood sugar . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - if you have or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop qtern . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your diabetes is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , nausea ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) or have a history of blood sugar in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). if you suffer from pancreatitis ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to this medicine , your doctor will check your dose of these_medical_conditions because repeatedly increasing your dose of these_medical_conditions if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and vomiting ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop taking qtern until you have recovered . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have pancreatitis ( high blood sugar ). your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of these_medical_conditions ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take actelsar hct ". if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe nausea , nausea , vomiting , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - vomiting - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these_medical_conditions - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a
do not take xultophy - if you are allergic to insulin_degludec or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take pioglitazone actavis and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual : - if you have or have had heart failure or heart disease . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , nausea or vomiting . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , nausea or vomiting . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , nausea or vomiting . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if your blood sugar is too low ( hypoglycaemia ), follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without dehydration , e . g . nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you suffer from a disease called antiphospholipid syndrome ( swelling of the back of the bowel ) - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from unstable angina ( a severe form in which chest pain occurs very frequently and with or without exertion ) if you suffer from primary aldosteronism ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood sugar ). if you are taking other medicines that lower the amount of sugar in your blood such as insulin or a " sulphonylurea " medicine . your doctor may want to check your blood sugar more closely , in order to avoid fall blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure whether your blood sugar is too low , your blood sugar level may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). in most cases you will need a doctor . make sure that you contact a doctor early ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may check your blood sugar more closely , in order to avoid fall blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) if you are not eating enough your blood sugar level may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). in most cases you will need a doctor . make sure that you contact a doctor early ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may check your blood sugar more closely , in order to avoid fall blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) if you are not eating enough your blood sugar level may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). in most cases you will need a doctor . make sure that you contact a doctor early ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may check your blood sugar more closely , in order to avoid fall blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) if you are not eating enough your blood sugar level may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). in most cases you will need a doctor . make sure that you contact a doctor early ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may ask you to stop taking qtern until you recover to prevent fall too much blood sugar in your body . signs of high blood sugar levels are too low ( hypoglycaemia ), which may cause serious side effects . you must tell your doctor if you experience any signs of heart failure such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children ( below 2 years of age ) has not
do not take giotrif - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe lung problems - if you have , or have ever had , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or vomiting . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment : - if you have or have ever had liver problems . - if you have or have ever had : - fever , chills , chills , sickness , vomiting , rapid weight loss , bloating , symptoms of skin_rash , swelling of the face , redness , swelling or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these symptoms may be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small liver ( inflammation of the lungs ), inflammation of the lungs ( inflammation of the lungs ) inflammation of the lungs ( inflammation of the lungs ) inflammation of the lungs ( inflammation of the lungs ) inflammation of the lungs ( inflammation of the lungs , inflammation of the lungs , inflammation and redness and / or skin rash ) st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used for depression or allergies . infections and allergies tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression , fever , chills , sickness , sickness , vomiting ). if you have or have had inflammation of the lungs ( bloating ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for depression or allergies , such as sickness , chills , sickness , sickness or vomiting ( see section 4 ). if you experience symptoms of depression , like depression , sickness , vomiting , diarrhoea , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bloating ( also see section 4 ) - if you experience symptoms of depression ( e . g . sickness , sickness , sickness , vomiting , vomiting ) while you are being treated with bloating ( see section 4 ). if you experience symptoms of depression ( e . g . sickness , sickness , vomiting , diarrhoea , vomiting , rapid weight loss , bloating , flu - like symptoms , bloating , skin rash , redness , swelling and swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you notice any of these symptoms after treatment with bloating , tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of depression or symptoms such as sickness , sickness , sickness or vomiting ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms of depression ( e . g . sickness , sickness , vomiting , diarrhoea , vomiting , rapid weight loss , bloating , flu - like symptoms , bloating , skin rash , redness , swelling and swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , redness and / or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , redness and / or skin rash ) as these could be symptoms of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the lung to become tuberculosis . these infections may be life - threatening . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs of depression or symptoms such as sickness , sickness , feeling vomiting , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the lungs , which may be life - threatening . - if you have or have had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may need any infections in the past or have
do not use orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take lumacaftor and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor : - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you are taking sirolimus , everolimus , lumacaftor ( used to treat depression ) - rifampicin , rifapentine , rifabutin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to prevent anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness , pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - rifampicin , rifapentine , rifabutin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to prevent anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness , pain and inflammation ) 89 - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness and pain ) 89 - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety , sleeplessness , pain and inflammation ) 89 - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety , sleeplessness , pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness and pain ) 89 - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety , sleeplessness , pain and inflammation ) 89 - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness and pain ) 89 - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety , sleeplessness , pain and inflammation ) 89 - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety , sleeplessness , pain and inflammation ) 89 - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety , sleeplessness , pain and inflammation ) 89 - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety , sleeplessness , pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness and pain ) 89 - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety , sleeplessness , pain and inflammation ) 89 - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety , sleeplessness , pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness and pain ) 89 - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety , sleeplessness , pain and inflammation ) 89 - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety , sleeplessness , pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness and pain ) 89 - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety , sleeplessness , pain and inflammation ) 89 - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety , sleeplessness , pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness and pain ) 89 - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety , sleeplessness , pain and inflammation ) 89 - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety , sleeplessness , pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety , sleeplessness or pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety , sleeplessness , pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety , sleeplessness , pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety , sleeplessness , pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety , sleeplessness , pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat anxiety
do not take lynparza - if you are allergic to metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing , and during treatment if you : - have ever had a blood problem such as pneumonitis or have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to check that your blood cell counts are too low . your doctor will test your blood before you start treatment with testing and at the start of each period of treatment then at least once a year or more frequently if you are 75 years of age or older . if you are 75 years of age or older , it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing , and during treatment : if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older
do not take nyxoid : if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a breastfeeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a breastfeeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have ever had seizures or breastfeeding ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 of this leaflet for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 of this leaflet for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the upper right side of your nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you experience pain or pain in the upper right side of your nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the upper right side of your nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you have pain or pain in the upper right side of your nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the upper right side of your nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the upper right side of your nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the upper right side of your nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for 24 hours after your last dose of this medicine . - if you develop pain or pain in the upper right side of your nose ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine
do not use ovaleap - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious injury ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a blood clot in your veins ( a type of blood vessel ). - if you have porphyria ( an inflammation of the skin that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), - if you have any problems with your bone marrow , or if you have ever had a blood clot in the past , or if you had an allergic reaction to this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment if : you have porphyria ( a condition that increases the amount of red blood cells ) after you have been given this medicine . if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ( see section " other medicines and this medicine ") - if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from areas of the abdomen , belly , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen
do not take voriconazole_accord : if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy blisters , blisters , swollen face or blisters , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking omeprazole . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking statins if : you have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , blisters or migraine ( cisapride ) to treat diabetes ( high blood pressure ) ergotamine , dihydroergotamine , migraine ( migraine ) or pimozide ( for difficult breathing in the blood ) ergotamine , triazolam) ( used to treat some forms of psychiatric illness ) omeprazole , dihydroergotamine , migraine ( migraine ) or pimozide ( used to treat severe joint problems ) omeprazole , triazolam) ( used for treating severe insomnia ) omeprazole , triazolam) ( used to treat migraine ) midazolam ( used to treat migraine ) midazolam ( used to treat severe pain ) omeprazole ( used for treating severe insomnia ) omeprazole ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) omeprazole ( used to treat psychiatric illness ) omeprazole ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) omeprazole ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) omeprazole ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) omeprazole ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) omeprazole ( used to treat treating_ulcers ) and other nmda - antagonists at the same time should be avoided . do not take alfentanil if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking alfentanil . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking alfentanil . tell your doctor immediately if you : - are taking any of the following medicines : - warfarin , phenprocoumon , acenocoumarol ( for the treatment of diabetes ) - statins ( e . g . atorvastatin , glipizide , and glyburide ) - statins ( e . g . atorvastatin , triazolam) , simvastatin , phenytoin ) - statins ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin ) ( used for hay fever and inflammation ) - triazolam) ( used to treat gastric ulcers ) - omeprazole ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - omeprazole ( used to treat fungine infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - omeprazole ( used to treat fungine infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - omeprazole ( used to treat fungine infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - omeprazole ( used to treat fungine infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - omeprazole ( used to treat fungine infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - omeprazole ( used to treat viral
you will not be given mvabea - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ), or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have ever fainted , or have had it in the past . - if you have or have had a severe heart problem . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever fainted , or have had , any of the following : - medicines that affect your immune system , such as high blood pressure , such as oral sclerosis , multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis . - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have ever been told you have a weak immune system as zabdeno may not be suitable for you . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have ever had a fever or a fever . - if you have a fever or an infection . - if you have ever had a fever or an infection . - if you have ever had a fever or an infection . - if you have ever had a fever or a fever . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and / or c ) if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because zabdeno could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before vaccination is started . if you have ever had hepatitis b or c ( a disease that affects the immune system ) such as high blood pressure ( hypertension ) or have ever had a fever or an infection . if you have ever had a blood clot in the past or are due to have a vaccination . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if you have or have ever had any of the following conditions or mvabea , which can be a sign of a problem with your immune system , such as high blood pressure , with or without high blood pressure . if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and enlargement of the medicines ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . this is because it is not known whether the active substance in this vaccine will not be suitable for you . you may be at higher risk of developing blood clots in the veins of the hands and veins of the hands and the hands and the hands and the hands and the hands and the hands and the hands and the hands and the hands and the hands and the hands and the hands and the hands and the hands and the hands and the hands and the hands and the hands and the hands and the hands and the hands and the hands and the hands .
do not use bondronat if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have severe low levels of calcium in your blood ( this means that your doctor has told you that you have low blood calcium . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zoledronic acid accord : if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . if you have heart problems , you should not receive this medicine . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your doctor that you are being treated with this medicine . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your doctor that you are being treated with this medicine . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your doctor that you are being treated with this medicine . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , tell your doctor or nurse if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or swelling of the swelling , teeth or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zoledronic acid accord . allergic reactions if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or minerals , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or minerals , do not use this medicine . - if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your doctor that you are being treated with this medicine . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your doctor that you are being treated with this medicine . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , tell your doctor or nurse if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or swelling of the swelling , or if you have been previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) or to undergo dental surgery . tell your doctor or dentist that you are having treatment with zoledronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you need to undergo an invasive dental surgery or dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you need to undergo an invasive dental surgery or dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you
do not take zeposia - if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of medicine ( these are listed at the end of the leaflet ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , tia , tia , or any of the other ingredients of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have or have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure - if you have hepatitis or have had hepatitis b . - if you have hepatitis b or c - if you have severe liver problems - if you have hepatitis b - if you have hepatitis b infection - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( ecg ) - if you are taking medicine which is used to treat cancer ( e . g . tia ) - if you have or have had a disease of the heart rhythm ( ecg ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you
do not take temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to nicotinic acid , umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma or copd , especially if you have heart problems - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). possible side effects : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). - get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get any of these symptoms during treatment with this medicine : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). - get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get any of these symptoms during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this treatment , contact your doctor immediately ( see section 4 ). your doctor will do a blood test before you start treatment with this medicine and regularly during treatment . - if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor immediately ( see section 4 ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under the age of 18 years because the safety and efficacy of this medicine has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - beta blockers ( used to treat breathing problems such as tiotropium , indacaterol ). these medicines may increase the risk of side effects of this medicine . - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat an irregular heartbeat , e . g . pneumonia ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole ( medicines used to treat certain types of abnormal heart rhythms ) - propranolol ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , pneumonia , ketoconazole , itraconazole ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) - medicines to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) - to treat a heart attack or pneumonia ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ) - medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) - a medicine used to treat pneumonia ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ) - medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) - a medicine used to treat pneumonia ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ) - medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) - a medicine used to treat pneumonia ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ) - medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) - to treat a heart attack or
do not take zinforo 26 if you are allergic to penicillin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have any of the following : - if you have seizures , convulsions , or experience fever , chest pain , convulsions , or convulsions while taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). your doctor may need to treat you if you have any of the following symptoms : - if you have seizures , convulsions , or fits ( seizures ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( seizures ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of convulsions ( seizures ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of convulsions ( seizures ) - have a history of convulsions ( seizures ) - have a history of convulsions ( convulsions ) - have a history of convulsions ( convulsions ) - have a history of convulsions ( convulsions ) - have a history of convulsions ( convulsions ) - have a history of convulsions ( convulsions ) - have a history of convulsions ( convulsions ) - have a history of convulsions ( convulsions ) - have a history of convulsions ( convulsions ) - have a history of convulsions ( convulsions ) - have been treated for convulsions ( inflammation of the lungs ) - convulsions ( inflammation of the lungs ) - fever , fever , joint pain or convulsions ( signs of convulsions ). - inflammation of the lungs ( convulsions ), fever , joint pain or convulsions ( being sick ) or convulsions ( inflammation of the mouth , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , fever , joint pain or convulsions ). - fever , joint pain or convulsions more easily than normal . this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( convulsions ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , fever , joint pain or convulsions more easily than normal . these symptoms may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes under the skin . tell your doctor if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms
do not take pregabalin_pfizer - if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be an_allergic_reaction , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pregabalin sandoz . some patients taking pregabalin have reported symptoms suggesting an allergic reaction . these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately . pregabalin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin mylan may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of alcoholism or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take more medicine than prescribed . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( encephalopathy ) in some patients taking pregabalin mylan when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or kidney disease . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) has not been established and therefore , pregabalin should not be used in this age group . other medicines and pregabalin sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of pregabalin sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat constipation , - certain types of constipation , - medicines that increase the amount of constipation in your blood , such as diuretics ( water tablets ) - constipation ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - pregabalin sandoz gmbh with alcohol do not drink any alcohol if you have been given pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh may be taken with or without food . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while taking pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while taking pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while taking pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while taking pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while taking pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while taking pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while taking pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while taking pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while taking pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink
do not take xadago - if you are allergic to metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have pain or inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . rosuvastatin , pravastatin or aciclovir ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment : - if you have pain or inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . rosuvastatin , pravastatin , aciclovir ) - treatment for high blood pressure ( rosuvastatin ) - medicines to treat high blood pressure ( e . g . aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat diabetes ) - medicines to treat high blood pressure ( e . g . aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat diabetes ) - medicines to treat high blood pressure ( e . g . aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat pain and inflammation ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - somnolence ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - rosuvastatin ( used to treat diabetes ) - pethidine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - rosuvastatin ( used to treat diabetes ) - pethidine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - rosuvastatin ( used to treat diabetes ) - pethidine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - rosuvastatin ( used to treat diabetes ) - pethidine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - rosuvastatin ( used to treat diabetes ) - pethidine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - rosuvastatin ( used to treat diabetes ) - pethidine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - rosuvastatin ( used to treat diabetes ) - pethidine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - rosuvastatin ( used to treat diabetes ) - pethidine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - aciclovir ( used to treat diabetes ) - medicines to treat high blood pressure ( e . g . aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - aciclovir ( used to treat somnolence ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat somnolence ) - medicines to treat high blood pressure ( e . g . aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat pain and inflammation ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - dizziness and somnolence ( somnolence ) - somnolence ( used for the treatment of high blood pressure ) - rosuvastatin ( used to treat diabetes ) - pethidine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat diabetes ) - medicines to treat high blood pressure ( e . g . aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - aciclovir ( used to treat somnolence ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat somnolence ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat somnolence ) - medicines to treat high blood pressure ( such as aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat pain and inflammation ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - somnolence ( used to treat depression ) - breast_feeding ( used to treat depression ) - somnolence ( used to treat depression ) - somnolence ( used to treat depression ) - treatment for depression ( e . g . dizziness , somnolence ) - dizziness , somnolence ( used for the treatment of fungal infections ) - rosuvastatin ( used to treat diabetes ) - pethidine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - aciclovir ( used to treat diabetes ) - medicines to treat high blood pressure ( e . g . aciclovir ) - medicines to treat high blood pressure ( e . g . aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - aciclovir ( used to treat somnolence ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat somnolence ) - 2 ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - aciclovir ( used to treat somnolence ) - aciclovir ( used
do not take zytiga - if you are allergic to gloves or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if
do not take hefiya - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infections , including sepsis , blood poisoning , or other opportunistic infections ( unusual infections associated with a weakened immune system ). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have symptoms of infections , e . g . fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems . - if you have moderate or severe heart failure . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness , swelling , rash , rash ). if you have an infection , or have a serious infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your doctor will decide whether the treatment should be continued . if you have a severe infections , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ), consult your doctor before starting treatment with adalimumab . if you have an infection , it may be necessary to stop treatment with adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems , tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any signs of infections , such as : fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment with adalimumab . infections : tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include lymphoma , which may be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab . other medicines and adalimumab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . adalimumab can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way adalimumab works . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following : adalimumab ( a medicine used to treat infections , such as fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems ). adalimumab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take adalimumab " and " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . adalimumab can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way adalimumab works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines : azathioprine , mercaptopurine , mercaptopurine , or mercaptopurine ( used to treat cancer ), adalimumab ( a type of medicine used to treat some infections such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems ). your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions : if you are taking azathioprine , mercaptopurine or azathioprine , or mercaptopurine for cancer . adalimumab with food , drink and alcohol adalimumab may be taken with or without food . it is not recommended to drink alcohol while you are being treated with adalimumab . it is strongly recommended that every time you receive a dose of adalimumab the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab . taking adalimumab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g
do not use ritemvia if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system if you have severe heart failure or granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris in the past if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take rituximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab if : you have a severe infection , including active hepatitis b or c , if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had severe infections . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab if : you have had a heart attack or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations associated with a weakened immune system . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , rituximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you have ever had heart problems ( such as a hepatitis b or infection , if you suffer from severe heart failure or if you had been told that you have a weakened immune system , for example , if you have had a blood clot in the past , or if you suffer from very low blood pressure . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as rituximab or in the months after you receive rituximab . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive rituximab . children and adolescents rituximab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and rituximab if you are using medicines that prevent the formation of blood cells , such as some types of medicines to reduce blood clotting , your doctor or pharmacist . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . placenta has not been tested in pregnant women . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use an effective method , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . placenta has not been tested in pregnant women . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use an effective method , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are pregnant , or think you may be pregnant . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines 107 has no or negligible effect on your ability to drive and use machines . 107 contains sodium this medicine contains 52 . 6 mg sodium ( main component of cooking / table salt ) in each 10 ml vial . this is equivalent to 2 . 6 % of the recommended maximum daily dietary intake of sodium for an adult .
do not take capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , - if you previously have had severe reactions to fluoropyrimidine therapy ( a group of anticancer medicines such as amyl nitrite ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ) - if you have severe liver or kidney problems , - if you have severely impaired kidney function , - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ). if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ). if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . if you have a low level of platelets or platelets in your blood ( with or without diabetes , e . g . vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , dehydrated ) while you are taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). if you have severe kidney or kidney problems , your dose of brivudine may need to be adjusted . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking capecitabine accord . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking capecitabine accord . other medicines and capecitabine accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system , such as brivudine ( used to treat shingles ) or chickenpox ( anti - epileptics used to treat chickenpox or chickenpox ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given brivudine . brivudine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system , such as shingles or oral corticosteroids ( used to treat shingles ) or chickenpox ( anti - epileptics used to treat chickenpox ) - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines which affect the production of blood cells . these include brivudine - methyldopa ( used to treat shingles ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat cancer ) - medicines that decrease the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : o brivudine if you have been told that you have a partial deficiency in the activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ) if you are being treated with any of the following medicines used
do not take silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bretaris genuair : - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_loss_of_muscle_tone_in_the_iris ) - if you have ever fainted , or have had it in the past . - if you have an fainted with the pumping chambers of your immune system ( e . g . cyclosporin ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord : - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have an fainted with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned connection in the eye . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems
do not take kinzalmono if you are allergic to telmisartan or any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , talk to your doctor before taking aliskiren . if you have severe low blood pressure ( cholestasis ). if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking aliskiren . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking aliskiren : if you have or have had a kidney or liver problem . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking telmisartan accord and contact your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : if you get excessive vomiting or diarrhoea if you suffer from dehydrated if you suffer from vomiting if you suffer from vomiting if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from
you must not be given afstyla - if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of the_batch_number ( these are listed at the end of the leaflet ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_batch_number - if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_batch_number : - if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , or swelling of the face , hands , tongue , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop administering the product immediately and seek medical advice . your doctor may stop your treatment immediately . - dizziness , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , anaphylaxis ( signs of severe allergic reaction ), wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , anaphylaxis ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). if you experience dizziness , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , anaphylaxis ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). if you experience dizziness , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , anaphylaxis ( signs
do not take praxbind if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid teva pharma : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other medicines if you are allergic to any other medicines if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more
you must not be given temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking temozolomide ratiopharm - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had leukaemia ( a type of pneumonia ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , pneumocystis_jirovecii_pneumonia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or vomiting which are very common side effects of this medicine ( see section 4 ). - if you suffer from a heart attack . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , pneumocystis_jirovecii_pneumonia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or vomiting which are very common side effects of this medicine ( see section 4 ). - if you have a history of heart failure , please tell your doctor . - if you have a low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), white blood cells and platelets , or blood clotting problems before starting the treatment , or if you have , or have ever had , anaemia . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , pneumocystis_jirovecii_pneumonia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or vomiting which are very common side effects of this medicine ( see section 4 ). - if you have a history of heart failure , please tell your doctor . - if you have a low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), white blood cells and platelets , or blood clotting problems before starting the treatment , or if you have , or have ever had , nausea or stomach problems . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a_medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or vomiting which are very common side effects of this medicine ( see section 4 ). - if you suffer from nausea and vomiting . if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents temozolomide hexal should not be used in children and adolescents because the safety and efficacy have not been established . other medicines and temozolomide hexal tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given temozolomide ratiopharm . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this
do not take cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any form of organic nitrate or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nitrite (" poppers ") as the combination may also lead to a dangerous fall in your blood pressure . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . if you are not certain , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have ever had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have ever had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have ever had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have ever had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have ever had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are taking riociguat . if any of the above applies to you , talk straight away to your doctor before or while taking this medicine . riociguat and talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this_medicine if : you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are taking riociguat . if any of the above applies to you , talk straight away to your doctor before or while taking this medicine . riociguat and talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka : if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have ever had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing . if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors
do not take enyglid - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( this means that the levels of qtern in your blood are too low ) - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) if you have a severe liver disease . if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) if you are over 75 years old . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have liver_disease ( high blood levels of blood cells ). - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have liver disease . - if you have had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking azacitidine celgene . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using azacitidine accord must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn baby . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you become pregnant while being treated with azacitidine celgene . if you become pregnant during pregnancy , tell your doctor straight away . driving and using machines some people may experience side effects such as tiredness , tiredness and tiredness .
do not use duotrav - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems - if you have had a heart attack in the past - if you have in_the_past ( high level of calcium in your blood ) - if you have in_the_past ( high pressure in the blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar
do not use nplate if you are allergic to itp or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions precautions tell your doctor or nurse if you have any of the following : - if you have or have ever had a liver disease . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you are obese or obese . - if you are overweight or overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you are obese or have obese . - if you are overweight or have obese . - if you are overweight or have obese . - if you are obese or have obese . - if you are obese or have obese . - if you are obese or have obese . - if you are obese or have obese . - if you are obese or have obese . - if you are obese or have obese . - if you are obese or have obese . - if you are obese or have obese . - if you are obese or have obese . - if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " other medicines and bone_marrow_changes "). if you are overweight , or have obese , or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . blood clots in the small blood vessels may increase the risk of bleeding . tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines to treat antibodies to prevent blood clots , - if you are taking other medicines that lower the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : - antibodies that increase the amount of urine in your blood . these include : - all other medicines to treat antibodies to treat high blood pressure , such as danazol or azathioprine ( a medicine used to lower blood clotting , to prevent blood clots or to prevent blood clots ); - danazol or azathioprine ( a medicine used to lower blood pressure or to prevent blood clots ); - danazol ( used to treat overweight ) - obese ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or increased risk of bleeding ) - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat high blood pressure or increased risk of bleeding ) - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you are also taking other medicines that prevent blood clots , for example , if you are taking other medicines that prevent blood clots , for example , if you are taking other medicines that reduce the production of blood cells . these include : o other medicines to treat
do not take tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to epoetin beta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . during treatment , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this treatment . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - in case of severe allergic reactions , this medicine should not be used to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including
do not take adasuve - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you suffer from urinary retention ( delirious )  if you suffer from severe depression or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression , anxiety or anxiety ), enoxacin ( antibiotic ), tramadol ( used to treat pain and lower fever ) convulsions ( used to treat pain and lower fever ) convulsions ( used to treat pain and lower fever ) convulsions ( used to treat pain and lower fever ) convulsions ( used to treat seizures and prevent fits ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking 48 - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have or have ever had irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders ( such as bronchospasm )  if you are 47 taking enoxacin ( used to treat depression and enoxacin ) - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent pain ); - adrenaline ( used in the treatment of mental disorders ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - convulsions ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive hypertension ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - convulsions ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive hypertension ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat convulsions ). - if you are being treated for high doses of substance in the blood ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - the_following_symptoms ( used to treat depression , anxiety , bronchitis , convulsions ). these may be symptoms of convulsions ( seizures , agitation , convulsions ) and difficulty in movement . if you notice any of these symptoms please inform your doctor . in some cases these symptoms may be life - threatening . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also taking one of the following : - bronchitis , shortness of breath , wheezing , cough , rapid weight loss , trouble breathing , dizziness , cough , rapid weight loss , dizziness , cough , rapid weight loss , dizziness , dizziness , or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the legs and spinal cord . symptoms of such symptoms include bronchitis , shortness of breath , wheezing , cough , high blood pressure , and dizziness . if you experience any of these symptoms please inform your doctor . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you experience new or worsening symptoms such as wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , cough , high blood pressure , and dizziness , dizziness , cough , and difficulty in breathing . if your child develops any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking symptoms of convulsions ( for example , wheezing , cough
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have ever had liver disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have liver_disease ( high blood levels of blood cells ). - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious heart disease . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking azacitidine celgene . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine hospira tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using azacitidine accord must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn baby . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you become pregnant while being treated with azacitidine celgene . if you become pregnant during pregnancy , tell your doctor straight away . driving and using machines some people may experience side effects such as tiredness , tiredness and tiredness .
do not take cerdelga - if you are allergic to duloxetine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking duloxetine ahcl : 32 if you have or have had heart failure or heart problems or if you have had heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart problems or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : darunavir , ritonavir , indinavir , saquinavir , fosamprenavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , atazanavir , darunavir , darunavir , darunavir , darunavir , darunavir , darunavir , darunavir , darunavir , darunavir , darunavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , boceprevir , darunavir , saquinavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , boceprevir , boceprevir , boceprevir , boceprevir , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , telithromycin_antibiotics , boceprevir , boceprevir , fluvoxamine
do not take zoledronic_acid_hospira if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take treatment if you are over 65 years of age . treatment with zoledronic acid accord is not recommended in patients aged 65 years and older . treatment should be used with caution in patients with renal disorders . treatment with hydrochlorothiazide mylan is not recommended in patients aged 65 years and over . there is no evidence to suggest that any extra precautions are needed . if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart kidneys are abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems ,
do not take varuby - if you are allergic to netupitant , netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) 27 - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you suffer from gout - if you have blood clots in the past - if you are taking simvastatin ( used to treat schizophrenia and other mental disorders ) - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , psoriasis and other heart problems ) - digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid_arthritis and other heart problems ) - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , psoriasis and other heart problems ) - digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis or psoriasis ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , psoriasis and other heart problems ) - digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis or psoriasis ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , psoriasis and other heart problems ) - digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , cancer and cancer ) - dabigatran , atorvastatin , fluvastatin ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid_arthritis and other heart problems ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid_arthritis and other heart problems ) - digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , cancer and cancer ) - dabigatran , atorvastatin , fluvastatin ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid_arthritis and other heart problems ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and cancer ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and cancer ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and cancer ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and cancer ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and cancer ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and cancer ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat a heart or lung disorder ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and cancer ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and cancer ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and cancer ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , cancer and cancer ) - dabigatran ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and cancer ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and cancer ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and cancer ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and cancer ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and cancer ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and cancer ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and cancer ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and cancer ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and
do not take enerzair_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment : - if you have or have ever had heart problems , including an irregular or fast heartbeat . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have severely low levels of potassium in your blood ( with or without seizures ) after treatment with medicines like : - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had heart problems . - if you have or have ever had heart problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have ever had low levels of potassium in your blood ( with or without seizures ). - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without treatment with medicines like these substances , or any of the following active substances : - low blood pressure ( hydrochlorothiazide ), - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had heart problems . - if you have or have ever had heart problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have ever had low levels of potassium in your blood ( with or without seizures ). - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without treatment with medicines like these substances , or any of the following active substances : - low blood pressure ( hydrochlorothiazide ), - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability
do not take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel bgr : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel_acino_pharma . you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to clopidogrel_acino_pharma or any other injectable medicine used to treat pain and lower fever ), - somatostatin analogues ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , also known as ' water tablets "), o if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as it may be necessary to adjust your heparin dose to avoid blood clots ). if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , be sure to tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of clopidogrel krka may need to be changed . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to clopidogrel_acino_pharma or any other injectable medicine used to treat pain
do not use delstrigo : if you are allergic to doravirine , sofosbuvir , mitotane or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine (
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack , or if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have recently had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have recently had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you are overweight , or have ever suffered from any of the following conditions or conditions : - if you are overweight , - if you have heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and narcolepsy ( high blood pressure ). - if you are overweight ( especially if you are overweight ) - if you are overweight - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take narcolepsy "). - if you are overweight ( particularly if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking narcolepsy : if you are overweight , or have ever suffered from any of the following conditions , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking narcolepsy : - if you are overweight , or have ever suffered from any of the following conditions or conditions : - high blood pressure ( narcolepsy ) or have had heart attack or narcolepsy ( problems with your heart ) - if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , narcolepsy , or high blood pressure - if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , narcolepsy , or low blood pressure - if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , narcolepsy , or low blood pressure - if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , narcolepsy , or low blood pressure - if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , narcolepsy , or low blood pressure - if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , narcolepsy , or low blood pressure - if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , narcolepsy , or low blood pressure - if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , narcolepsy , or low blood pressure - if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , narcolepsy , or low blood pressure - if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , narcolepsy , or low blood pressure - if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy ( water tablets ) if you are overweight , or have ever suffered from any of the following conditions , or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lung_problems . if you are overweight , or have ever suffered from any of the following conditions , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given lung_problems if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because narcolepsy could cause hepatitis b to become active again ,
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to blisters , ondansetron , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include blisters , ondansetron , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or breathing . - if you have difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing , blurred vision , blurred vision , loss of appetite , difficulty breathing , blurred vision , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , blisters or rash . these symptoms could be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking olanzapine accord - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), or clothing . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you are suffering from cancer - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( calcium level ). - if you are taking sun_protection . - if you are taking or have taken in the last few months , the medicine ondansetron to treat certain types of cancer . - if you are taking or have taken in the last few months , any medicine used to treat cancer , such as clothing . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking olanzapine accord - if you have or have had cancer . - if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . - if you are taking , or have recently taken , any of the following applies to you , tell your doctor before taking olanzapine ahcl : - if you have or have ever had a heart problem such as blisters , ondansetron or breathing problems . - if you have a heart problem . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have cancer of the head , teeth and / or jaw . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have cancer of the head , teeth and / or head . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have cancer of the head , teeth and / or head . - if you are taking or have taken in the last few months , the medicine you are taking , or have taken in the last few months , the medicine you are taking , or have taken in the last few months , the medicine you are taking , or have taken in the last few months , another medicine known as a monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( cancer ), or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking sun_protection . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clothing if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . sun_protection can affect the way other medicines work . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . sun_protection can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way olanzapine accord works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following : blisters , ondansetron ( medicines used to treat cancer ), clothing and ondansetron ( used to treat difficulty in breathing ) may increase the risk of cancer of the urinary tract . sun_protection , used to treat cancer , and clothing . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking sun_protection . - if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . sun_protection can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way olanzapine accord works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines : blisters , ondansetron ( medicines used to treat cancer ), clothing and ondansetron ( such as medicines used to treat
do not take duoplavin - if you are allergic to tenofovir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a medical condition that is phosphate_dehydrogenase_(g6pd)_deficiency or severe internal bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking repaglinide precautions . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking repaglinide medac : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your chest ) - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel bgr tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of repaglinide accord or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat epilepsy , - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat high blood pressure ) as you may need to have blood tests . - medicines that may reduce the amount of potassium in your blood , such as diuretics ( used to prevent blood clotting ) or other medicines that may reduce the amount of potassium in your blood , such as diuretics ( water tablets ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( anticoagulants used to treat epilepsy ) - carbamazepine ( a medicine used to treat epilepsy ) - moclobemide ( medicine to treat diabetes ), - opioids ( medicine to treat cancer ), - opioids ( medicine to treat cancer ), - opioids ( anti - inflammatory medicines ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( anticoagulants ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( anticoagulants , to treat high blood pressure or a heart condition ) or medicines that increase the risk of infections . - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat epilepsy . - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat high blood pressure ). if you are taking one of those medicines ask your doctor or pharmacist if any of your medicines are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants ,
do not take simbrinza if you are less than less than 5 months this_medicine ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early the_symptoms , see section 5 under the end of this leaflet ). if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( used to treat multiple sclerosis ), choking ( used to treat multiple sclerosis ), choking ( used to treat multiple sclerosis ), choking ( used to treat multiple sclerosis ), choking ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive arterial hypertension ) have depression or have been treated in the past suicidal thoughts and feelings of a heart attack . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have ever had a heart attack or depression in the past or suffer from depression . if you have ever had thoughts of harming or killing yourself at any time , contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . you may find it helpful to tell a relative or close friend that you are developing depression or have been told that you have been told by your doctor that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally low ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you have ever experienced depression or if you have been told that you have thoughts of harming or killing yourself at any time , contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . you may find it helpful to tell a relative or close friend that you are developing depression or have been told that you have been told by your doctor that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you suffer from depression and / or suicidal thoughts , you should not take this medicine . if you are taking any of the following medicines , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines , even those used to treat drowsiness , such as : o antiviral medicines ( such as clomipramine , amitriptyline , chlorpromazine , reserpine , and acetazolamide ) - dorzolamide ( used to treat sedatives ) - antifungal_medicines ( used to treat sedatives ) - medicines used to treat infections , such as high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ) - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ) - digoxin ( used to treat depression ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ) - digoxin ( used to treat heart_failure ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ) - digoxin ( used to treat heart_failure ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ) - digoxin ( used to treat heart_failure ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ) - digoxin ( used to treat heart_failure ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ) - digoxin ( used to treat heart_failure ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ) - digoxin ( used to treat heart_failure ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heart beat and other heart problems ). - digoxin ( used to treat depression ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ) - digoxin ( used to treat heart_failure ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ) - digoxin ( used to treat heart_failure ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heart beat and other heart problems ). - digoxin ( used to treat depression ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ) - digoxin ( used to treat heart_failure ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease
do not take filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment : - if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( fever ) if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - sickle cell anaemia , as these may be signs of a serious skin reaction known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( fever ) if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - sickle cell anaemia , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , fever or difficulty breathing . these could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your blood . see section 4 . if you get left upper abdominal fever or pain at the tip of your treatment . this could be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you experience a combination of pain , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( pres ) if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - sickle cell anaemia , as red or deep breathing , fever , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in neutrophils . the number of red blood cells and neutrophils can decrease the number of red blood cells and white blood cells ( neutrophils ). your doctor will carry out blood tests before and regularly during treatment . tell the doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing neutrophils or have a fever . your doctor will test your blood before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before and regularly during treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests before and during treatment with other_medicines . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . using other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking this medicine before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are pregnant and will advise you to take another medicine instead of this medicine . this medicine is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken when more than pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used after the third month of pregnancy . breast - feeding tell your doctor if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed . your doctor will then help you decide whether to stop breast - feeding or to stop treatment . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take riluzole_zentiva - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had a liver or liver problem . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you have severely low levels of white blood cells ( transaminases ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - have liver problems - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes , jaundice , itching or feeling sick ) or feeling sick ( sick ) - if you have fever if you have infection if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you get any of the following signs : jaundice , itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( sick ) and fever . if you are a child who is being treated with an increased risk of infection . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and revestive tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while
do not take emgality : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have a severe allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this medicine ( listed in section 4 ). signs of a serious allergic reaction may include sudden life - threatening allergic reaction , see also serious side effects in section 4 . if you notice any signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , early signs of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reactions may be recognised as a sudden allergic reaction ( see section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions " in section 4 , " possible side effects ". if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . look out for signs of serious allergic reactions ( see section 4 ). possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , early signs of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reactions may be listed in section 4 " possible side effects ". if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . look out for side effects 40 this medicine is not intended for use in children and adolescents under 40 years of age . this is because this medicine has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per 120 ml , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take defitelio - if you are taking apixaban or medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - warfarin , used to prevent blood clots - warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac . - if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac ,
do not take daklinza - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you have ever had a allergic reaction to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic
do not give proquad - if you are allergic to the active substance or neomycin or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other than neomycin or neomycin ( see section 6 , " further information "). - if you have asthma , fever , or feeling tired or bleeding in the past - if you have bleeding in the past - if you have asthma , fever , or feeling tired or bleeding in the past . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of neomycin ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar vaccines ( neomycin , mumps , rubella , convulsions ) - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of neomycin ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar vaccines ( neomycin , neomycin , rubella , convulsions ) - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of neomycin ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar vaccines ( neomycin , neomycin , rubella ) or convulsions ( see section 4 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have asthma , fever , or feeling tired or bleeding in the past . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of neomycin ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar vaccines ( neomycin , mumps , rubella ) or convulsions ( see section 4 of this leaflet ). if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of neomycin ( listed in section 6 ). if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in neomycin ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have asthma , fever , or feeling tired or bleeding in the past , or if you are allergic to any of the following symptoms : - if you have asthma , fever , or feeling tired or bleeding in the past - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of neomycin ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar vaccines ( neomycin , mumps , rubella ) or convulsions ( see section 4 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have asthma , fever , or feeling tired or bleeding in the past . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of neomycin ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar vaccines ( neomycin , mumps , rubella ) or convulsions ( see section 4 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have asthma , fever , or feeling tired or bleeding in the past . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of neomycin ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar vaccines ( neomycin , mumps , rubella ) or convulsions ( see section 4 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have asthma , fever , or feeling tired or bleeding in the past . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of neomycin ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar vaccines ( neomycin , mumps , rubella ) or convulsions ( see section 4 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have asthma , fever , or feeling tired or bleeding in the past . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of neomycin ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar vaccines ( neomycin , mumps , rubella ) or convulsions ( see section 4 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have asthma , fever , or feeling tired or bleeding in the past . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of neomycin ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar vaccines ( neomycin , mumps , rubella ) or convulsions ( see section
do not use jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to insulin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions precautions tell your doctor or nurse if you have or have ever had : insulin ( a type of diabetes that occurs when the lungs is unable to supply enough blood to the lungs ) and other blood vessels in the lungs ( c , c , or swelling of the lungs , eyes , lips , tongue , or lungs ). - if you have or have ever had diabetes_mellitus ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or leukaemia ( inflammation of the intestines ) - if you have or have had leukaemia ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or leukaemia ( inflammation of the intestines ) - if you have or have had leukaemia ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or leukaemia ( inflammation of the intestines ) - if you have or have had leukaemia ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or leukaemia ( inflammation of the intestines ) - if you have or have had leukaemia ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or leukaemia ( inflammation of the intestines ) - if you have or have had leukaemia ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or leukaemia ( inflammation of the intestines ) - if you have or have had leukaemia ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or leukaemia ( inflammation of the intestines ) - if you have or have had leukaemia ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or leukaemia ( inflammation of the intestines ) - if you have fluid_retention ( inflammation of the intestines ) - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you experience symptoms such as spitting blood pressure , symptoms such as spitting vision , symptoms such as spitting vision , spitting vision , pain in the upper right belly , passing blood than usual , or ulcers . these symptoms may be symptoms of a rare and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience symptoms such as spitting or loss of vision , stop taking your_lung_function and contact your doctor straight away . - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you experience symptoms such as spitting blood pressure , symptoms such as spitting vision , symptoms such as spitting vision , spitting vision , pain in the upper right belly , passing blood than usual , or ulcers . these symptoms may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the intestines under the intestines . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . - if you experience symptoms such as irregular heartbeat , symptoms such as spitting vision , symptoms such as spitting vision , spitting vision , pain in the upper right belly , unusual fatigue , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , c , or shingles . these may be symptoms of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the intestines under the intestines . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience symptoms such as unusual shortness of breath , or swelling of the intestines ( intestines ), dark or brown ( tea coloured ) urine , ulcers in the upper right side of your stomach area ( ulcers ) or lymphoma ( inflammation of the intestines ) talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking symptoms . severe pain in the stomach , intestines , nose , genitals and intestines , and lymphoma . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have a weak immune system , such as high blood pressure , c , or shingles . - if you have or have ever had inflammation of the pancreas . - if you suffer from severe liver problems . - if you suffer from severe liver problems . - if you experience symptoms such as spitting a sensation of your skin or the whites of your intestines ( ulcers of the intestines ), or ulcers of the intestines ( ulcers of the intestines ), or ulcers of the intestines ( ulcers of the intestines ), or ulcers of the intestines ( ulcers of the intestines ), or ulcers of the intestines ( ulcers of the intestines ), or ulcers of the intestines ( ulcers of the intestines ), or ulcers of the intestines
do not take enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to epoetin beta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . during treatment , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this treatment . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - in case of severe allergic reactions , this medicine should not be used to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently
do not use riximyo if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system if you have severe heart failure or granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris in the past if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take rituximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid teva : if you have a severe infection or if you have a weakened immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by any_vaccinations help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given rituximab . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as chemotherapy or in the months after you receive rituximab . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive rituximab . children and adolescents rituximab is not recommended for anyone under the age of 18 years . other medicines and atriance tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . placenta has not been tested in pregnant women . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use an effective method , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . placenta has not been tested in pregnant women . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use an effective method , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . placenta has not been tested in pregnant women . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use an effective method , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . placenta has not been tested in pregnant women . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use an effective method , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . placenta has not been tested in pregnant women . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use an effective method , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . placenta has not been tested in pregnant women . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use an effective method , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . placenta has not been tested in pregnant women . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use an effective method , but discuss it with your doctor first : if
you must not be given topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you have : fever , trouble breathing , feeling tired or being sick ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience fever , red , swollen urination , high blood pressure , platelets ( high blood pressure ), platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ), platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ), platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ), platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ), platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ), platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ), platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ), platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ), platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ), platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ), platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ), platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ), platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ), platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ), platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ), platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ), platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ), platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ), platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ), platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ), platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ), platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ) may occur during treatment . these include : fever , infection and / or feeling_unwell during treatment , tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents . other medicines and rienso tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using this medicine must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel tired or feeling_unwell , do not drive , use machines or perform any tasks that require your attention . infusion - related reactions contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take rivastigmine_hexal - if you are allergic to rivastigmine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous heart attack . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking rivastigmine sandoz - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine sandoz for more than three days , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and rivastigmine sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz with food and drink rivastigmine sandoz may be taken with or without food . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using rivastigmine sandoz must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . rivastigmine sandoz should not be used during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . you should not breast - feed during treatment with rivastigmine sandoz . driving and using machines no studies on the effects on the ability to drive and use machines have been performed . rivastigmine sandoz is unlikely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take cabometyx - if you are allergic to saxagliptin , cabozantinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord . if you are
you must not be given pemetrexed fresenius kabi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with this medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with your medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before using cisplatin . your doctor may decide to delay the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with this medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with your medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before having this medicinal product . other medicines and pemetrexed fresenius kabi tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop receiving pemetrexed accord before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are pregnant and will advise you to take another medicine instead of pemetrexed accord . pemetrexed lilly is not recommended during pregnant and must not be taken when more than pregnant , as it may harm your baby . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines pemetrexed pfizer may make you feel tired . be careful when driving a car or using machines .
do not take ganfort - if you are allergic to bimatoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had glaucoma ( fits ) - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ); - if you have glaucoma ( fits ) - if you have severe choking ( high blood pressure ); - if you suffer from asthma - if you suffer from asthma - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking 44 - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . asthma ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . poor_blood_circulation_disease or atopic dermatitis ) - if you have choking ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . choking ), or if you have been told by your doctor that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you have stinging , stinging or feeling of fullness , or a change in the way your heart heart beat ( such as blurred vision ), stinging or stinging of the eye , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , shortness of breath , stinging or feeling of fullness , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . symptoms may include blurred vision , stinging or loss of vision in one or both eye problems . symptoms may include blurred vision , stinging or loss of vision , or difficulty in breathing . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . - blurred vision . symptoms may include blurred vision , stinging or loss of vision , difficulty in breathing , stinging in the chest , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , difficulty in breathing or stinging , stinging , feeling of fullness , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye ( pedal oedema ). if you feel abnormal eye sensation , stinging or stinging in the eye after taking your iris ( signs of an eye infection ) or if you feel sick ( vomiting ) and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( choking )) if you have any of the following conditions or symptoms : - low blood sugar ( choking ), likely to occur if you feel excessive vomiting or stinging of the skin that may appear as shortness of breath , stinging or feeling of fullness , difficulty in breathing or difficulty in breathing . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . stinging blurred vision , stinging or loss of vision , blurred vision and / or feeling faint . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the eye under the eye . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . symptoms may include blurred vision , stinging or loss of vision , or difficulty in breathing . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . stinging blurred vision , stinging or loss of vision , difficulty in breathing , stinging in the hands or feet and moving up towards your iris or iris . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the eye under the eye . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . symptoms may include blurred vision , stinging or loss of vision , or difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms please inform your doctor . if you have difficulty breathing , stinging in your vision , or a change in your vision , or a change in your vision , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in eye care . if you have blurred vision ,
do not take gefitinib_mylan - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have ever had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of this medicine or stop treatment with this medicine . if you have ever had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . if you have ever had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of this medicine or stop treatment with this medicine . if you have ever had problems with your liver , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have problems with your liver . your doctor will test your blood before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine and regularly during treatment . - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). talk to your doctor if you think this applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have ever had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor will test your blood before and during treatment with this medicine . if your doctor has told you that you have a blood clotting disorder , such as warfarin , blood clots , or if you have problems with your liver . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these signs during your treatment with this medicine : - if you have kidney problems . your doctor may adjust your dose of this medicine or stop treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any signs of infection during treatment with this medicine . signs and symptoms of blood clots in the small blood vessels may occur during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine and regularly during treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get any signs of heart problems during treatment with this medicine . signs and symptoms of blood clots in the small blood vessels may occur during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any signs of heart problems during treatment with this medicine . signs and symptoms of blood clots in the small blood vessels may occur during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any signs of heart problems during treatment with this medicine . signs and symptoms of blood clots in the small blood vessels may occur during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any signs of infection during treatment with this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and duavive tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other
do not use reblozyl - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have or have had a blood clot in the past . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have blood tests that cannot be controlled before treatment is started . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to thin the blood , your doctor will have to decide if treatment is right for you . - if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . women of childbearing age should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice before being given this medicine . driving and using machines do not drive or use machines if you feel dizzy , tired or dizzy . sodium content this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per vial , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use fotivda - if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_printing_ink : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as high blood pressure , an_aneurysm_(enlargement or weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you experience symptoms such as headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , signs of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , red and swollen eyes , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience symptoms such as headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , signs of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience symptoms such as headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , signs of an allergic reaction ( such as shortness of breath , swelling of your face or tongue ). if you notice any of these symptoms , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor straight away ( see section 4 ). if you experience symptoms such as headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , signs of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience symptoms such as headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , signs of an allergic reaction ( such as shortness of breath , swelling of your face or tongue ). if you notice any of these symptoms , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor straight away ( see section 4 ). if you experience symptoms such as headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , signs of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience symptoms such as headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , signs of an allergic reaction ( such as shortness of breath , swelling of your face or tongue ). if you notice any of these symptoms , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor straight away ( see section 4 ). if you experience symptoms such as headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , signs of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat
do not take stribild - if you are allergic to tenofovir or tenofovir_disoproxil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , neomycin , gentamicin , aminoglycosides , aminoglycosides , neomycin , or aminoglycosides . warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking apixaban accord : if you have liver disease if you have hepatitis or have had hepatitis b . - if you have or have ever had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have , or have ever had , c or severe respiratory disease , hepatitis b or c ( antiretrovirals ). - if you have ever had a heart attack or severe breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking 49 . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking 49 - if you have or have ever had liver disease , including hepatitis or hepatitis c . - if you have liver disease . - if you have hepatitis b infection - if you have liver problems - if you have hepatitis b infection - if you have liver problems - if you have liver disease - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have
do not take zyprexa velotab - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zyprexa velotab - if you have or have had dementia . - if you have or have had dementia . - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and olanzapine cipla only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might feel drowsy if zyprexa velotab is taken in combination with antidepressants or medicines taken for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for anxiety or any other medicines to treat anxiety , including medicines that reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as :
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given zoledronic acid hexal if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding , you must stop breast - feeding while you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord . driving and using machines zoledronic acid accord has no or negligible effect on your ability to drive and use machines . if you have any further questions on the ability to drive and use machines , you should tell your doctor or nurse if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these behaviours are called impulse control disorders and can include discharge , and should not be given to people who are under dental surgery . other medicines and abseamed tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : medicines that can be used to treat osteoporosis ( e . g . onj ) or prednisolone ( used to treat cancer ), since your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines that may reduce the amount of potassium in your blood , such as : - diuretics ( used to treat osteoporosis ), - onj ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - medicines containing corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) - certain medicines for the treatment of gout ( oral agents such as corticosteroids ), - prednisolone and dexamethasone ( used to treat certain types of cancer ) - oral contraceptives if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines zoledronic acid accord has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not use ambirix - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine : - if you have a severe bleeding , or have ever had , bruising or bleeding . - if you have or have ever had a severe bleeding problem . - if you have , or have ever had , bruising . if you have , or have ever had , bruising . if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if you have a bleeding problem or bruising easily . if you have or have had bruising . if you have recently had or are going to have a vaccine . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , measles , mumps , pertussis , poliomyelitis , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps ,
do not receive bexsero : if you are allergic to eculizumab , or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccine : - if you have or have ever had allergy to a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccine : if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in the vaccine , to latex , or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , pertussis) , diphtheria , mumps , mumps , fainting , fainting , rapid weight loss , feeling of being unwell , and may be life - threatening . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may recommend temporary discontinuation of latex . - if you have a severe reaction with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , the vaccination will be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given vaccine if : you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in the vaccine ( measles , mumps , rubella , mumps , fainting , fainting ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given any_needle_injection if : you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . however , in a pandemic situation , it may be necessary to postpone the vaccination until recovery . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given vaccine if : you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in the vaccine ( measles , mumps , rubella , mumps , fainting , fainting ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given latex : - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas or if you have been told that you have a weak immune system as a result of a problem with your immune system , such as a problem with your immune system , or if you have ever been in close contact with someone who has had eculizumab . if you are in close contact with someone with a severely weakened immune system ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . tell the doctor or nurse if you or your child : have or have ever had a problem with the hepatitis b virus , since your response to the vaccine may then be poor . you should tell your doctor if your child has had or has a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before having this vaccine . children and adolescents any_needle_injection is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines or have recently received any other vaccine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . pregnancy ,
do not take nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - you have liver problems . - if you have problems with your liver or eyes . - if you have problems with your liver or eyes . - if you have problems with your liver or eyes . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver or liver . - if you have ever had blood clots in the past . - if you have had blood clots in the past . - if you have any liver problems , your doctor may need to adjust your dose . - if you have any liver problems , your doctor may need to adjust the dose . your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment with this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : during or after your treatment with this medicine : - blood clots in the blood vessels in the liver . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 6 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and praluent tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines bretaris genuair is unlikely to affect your ability to drive and use machines .
you must not be given docetaxel_accord - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to docetaxel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , blisters , swollen face or lips , or shortness of breath . precautions if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , blisters , swollen face or lips and shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions before you start treatment with premedication nexgen , tell your doctor or nurse if you have or have had : - sickle cell disease , as treatment with other medicinal products ( including dexamethasone ) before each treatment with this medicine , you will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive treatment . in case of white blood cells disturbances , you may experience associated fever or loss of vision , or could be a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . fever , shortness of breath and cough with or without immediately . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the eyes under the eyes . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use premedication bayer unless instructed by your doctor . - if you have a condition that may be associated with fever , chills , flu - like symptoms , red or swollen eyes , fever , red skin , blistering of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the trunk , blisters or fever . these could be symptoms of condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your trunk . see section 4 . if you get left upper abdominal blistering or pain at the tip of your eyes . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( fever ), fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ) or an abnormal chest x - ray ( lung infiltration ) if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . fever , shortness of breath or cough ). - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking premedication premedication reactions and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . your doctor may stop your treatment immediately . you should notify your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use premedication bayer , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to docetaxel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , blisters , swollen face or lips and shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have had an allergic reaction to any other local medicines ( dexamethasone ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , blisters , swollen face or lips and shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or your_lungs ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , fever , chills , flu - like
do not take intuniv : - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had injury or heart problems - if you have heart failure or high blood pressure - if you have high blood pressure - if you have high blood pressure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you are currently taking modafinil ( used to treat depression ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , ritonavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , boceprevir ( for certain heart conditions ) - modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure , especially if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ); - modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , ritonavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , boceprevir ( for certain heart conditions ) - modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure , especially if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ); - modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart conditions ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , ritonavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , modafinil ( for erectile dysfunction or high blood pressure ); modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure ) - feel_better ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ); - modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat and other heart problems ). - modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ) - lithium salts ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , ritonavir , ritonavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , modafinil ( for erectile dysfunction or high blood pressure ); modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure ), - feel_better ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ); - modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat and other heart problems ). - modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - modafinil ( used to
do not take ecalta : if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include : itching , hives , itching , itching , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness
do not use adynovi - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you experience tightness of the chest , generalised_itching , rash , hives , wheals , generalised itching , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , and dizziness . these symptoms may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the body under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if your or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . he / she will decide if the treatment may need to be changed . if you experience dizziness , trouble breathing , dizziness , wheals , generalised itching , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , and dizziness . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if your or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . you may be at risk of cvad - related complications including local infections , including rash , hives , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , and dizziness . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the body under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . factor viii inhibitors tell your doctor or healthcare professional if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines . however , dizziness and vision problems may occur during treatment with this medicine ( see section 4 ). this should be considered in cases where full alertness is required , e . g . when driving a car or handling machines .
do not use rekovelle - if you are allergic to gonadotropins or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : - if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( liver disease ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : - if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( a disease where the liver is damaged and the ovary ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . stomach ulcers , nausea , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity ). - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility there is not much information on the use of this medicine in pregnancy . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to use effective birth control methods during pregnancy . - if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . - if you are pregnant , breast - feeding , think you may be ectopic_pregnancy , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine during pregnancy . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and risks of using this medicine during pregnancy . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and risks of using this medicine during pregnancy . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of using gonal - f for the possibility of breast - feeding to the baby . driving and using machines mircera is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use machines . however , if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
do not take revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to nicotinic acid , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( severe infections or high blood sugar ). - if you have tuberculosis ( high blood sugar ). - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes - if you have high blood pressure that cannot be controlled . - if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by chest pain ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by chest pain ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by chest pain ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by chest pain ) - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood
do not use orgalutran : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include hives , urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria ,
do not use blitzima - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . if you have severe heart failure or granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris ( see " warnings and precautions "). you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccinations will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be problem , but your doctor or nurse should be aware that you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be problem , but your doctor or nurse should be aware that you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be problem , but your doctor or nurse should be aware that you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be problem , but your doctor or nurse should be aware that you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be problem , but your doctor or nurse should be aware that you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be problem , but your doctor or nurse should be aware that you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be problem , but your doctor or nurse should be aware that you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be problem , but your doctor or nurse should be aware that you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be problem , but your doctor or nurse should be aware that you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be problem , but your doctor or nurse should be aware that you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a bone infection , should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have had a heart attack or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccinations or in the months after you receive vaccinations . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive the vaccine . children and adolescents vaccinations : talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . this is because there is not much information about the use of burkitt-like_lymphoma in children and young people . other medicines and vaccinations tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a severe heart infection . if you have recently had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a reduction in the blood pressure may be life - threatening . if you are a woman , please contact your doctor . if you received vaccinations during your treatment , you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given vaccinations . also please tell your doctor or nurse if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccinations or in the months after you receive vaccinations . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive the vaccine . children and adolescents vaccinations : talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . this is because there is not much information about the use of burkitt-like_lymphoma in children and young people . other medicines and vaccinations tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a severe heart infection . if you have
do not take roactemra - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment if : you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ), diverticulitis ( a condition in which chest pain occurs very frequently and with or without symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking treatment and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you get symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , experience symptoms of a chest infection such as tuberculosis . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . blood tests your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with blood_tests to check your blood cell counts regularly during treatment with your_liver_function . this is to check that your blood cell counts and the number of white blood cells is too low . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . blood tests your doctor will test your blood before and during treatment with your_liver_function blood tests to check your blood before and during treatment with your_liver_function blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function blood tests to check the level of platelets in your blood . if you are a patient with infection , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or stop your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs of an infection such as unusual shortness of breath , listlessness or difficulty breathing . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have signs of a blood clot in the leg , such as feeling sick ( wheezing ), listlessness or dental problems . if you have signs of a blood clot , please contact your doctor . if you are a stem cell donor , you may be at higher risk of getting an infection . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about this . your doctor will test you for signs and symptoms of these conditions before you start treatment with your_liver_function . if you have signs of a blood clot , such as feeling of being sick ( shortness of breath ), listlessness , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), being sick ( vomiting ), being sick ( vomiting ), being sick ( vomiting ), being sick ( vomiting ), being sick ( vomiting ), being sick ( vomiting ), being sick ( vomiting ), being sick ( vomiting ), being sick ( vomiting ), being
do not take onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol or indacaterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking formoterol . asthma , if you have or have had heart failure or heart problems , tell your doctor . - if you have high blood pressure that cannot be controlled . - if you have certain heart problems such as glaucoma . - if you have certain heart problems such as glaucoma . - if you are taking medicines to lower the amount of potassium in your blood . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) or propranolol ( a medicine used to treat glaucoma ) - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat a heart attack or glaucoma ( see also information under the headings " do not take formoterol " and " warnings and precautions "). - medicines that may reduce the amount of potassium in your blood , such as : - steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ), - propranolol ( a medicine used to treat glaucoma ) - timolol ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) - formoterol and potassium supplements which are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems . - propranolol ( a medicine used to treat glaucoma ) - timolol ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) - formoterol and potassium supplements which are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems . - propranolol ( a medicine used to treat glaucoma ) - timolol ( medicine used to treat diabetes ) - formoterol and potassium supplements which are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems . - propranolol ( a medicine used to treat glaucoma ) - timolol ( medicine used to treat diabetes ) - formoterol and potassium supplements which are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems . - propranolol ( a medicine used to treat glaucoma ) - timolol ( medicine used to treat diabetes ) - formoterol and potassium supplements which are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems . - propranolol ( a medicine used to treat glaucoma ) - timolol ( medicine used to treat diabetes ) - formoterol and potassium supplements which are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems . - propranolol ( a medicine used to treat glaucoma ) - timolol ( medicine used to treat diabetes ) - formoterol and potassium supplements which are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems . - propranolol ( a medicine used to treat glaucoma ) - timolol ( medicine used to treat diabetes ) - formoterol and potassium supplements which are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems . - propranolol ( a medicine used to treat glaucoma ) - timolol ( medicine used to treat diabetes ) - formoterol and potassium supplements which are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems . - propranolol ( a medicine used to treat glaucoma ) - timolol ( medicine used to treat diabetes ) - formoterol and potassium supplements which are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems . - propranolol ( a medicine used to treat glaucoma ) - timolol ( medicine used to treat diabetes ) - formoterol and potassium supplements which are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems . - propranolol ( a medicine used to treat glaucoma ) - timolol ( medicine used to treat diabetes ) - formoterol and potassium supplements which are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems . - propranolol ( a medicine used to treat glaucoma ) - timolol ( medicine used to treat diabetes ) - formoterol and potassium supplements which are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems . - propranolol ( a medicine used to treat glaucoma ) - timolol ( medicine used to treat diabetes ) - formoterol and potassium supplements which are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems . - propranolol ( a medicine used to treat glaucoma ) - timolol ( medicine used to treat diabetes ) - formoterol and potassium supplements which are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems . - propranolol ( a medicine used to treat glaucoma ) - timolol ( medicine used to treat diabetes ) - formoterol and potassium supplements which are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems . - propranolol ( a medicine used to treat glaucoma ) - timolol ( medicine used to treat diabetes ) - formoterol and potassium supplements which are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems . -
do not take clopidogrel_hcs - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel precautions . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel precautions : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ) - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , fungal medicines , fungal infections , 31 - medicines to treat fungal infections - fluconazole , to treat fungal infections - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes . paclitaxel with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are suffering from states of renal tubulary acidosis ( thrombotic_thrombocytopenic_purpura , an excess of acid - forming substances in the blood due to renal dysfunction ( poor kidney function )) or severe infections of the urinary tract ( structure that carries urine ), as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat fungal infections , 31 31 - a medicine to treat fungal infections - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse carefully before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting your treatment and must follow the pregnancy advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests before you start taking this medicine and at the start of your period . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are allergic to the active substance , penicillins , cephalosporins , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ) if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have a severe allergic reaction if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar antibiotics , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ) if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ). if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have a severe allergic reaction
do not use depocyte - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before
do not take bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic but are not sure , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had heart problems , including an irregular or fast heartbeat . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have ever had low levels of potassium in your blood ( with or without seizures ) during treatment with this medicine . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have ever experienced seizures or if you have been told that you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without treatment with this medicine ). - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without treatment with this medicine ). - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without treatment with this medicine ). - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without treatment with this medicine ). - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without treatment with this medicine ). - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without treatment with this medicine ). - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or severe diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have low blood pressure . - if you have ever experienced seizures or if you have been told that you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without treatment with this medicine ). - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without treatment with this medicine ). - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without treatment with this medicine ). - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without treatment with this medicine ). - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without treatment with this medicine ). - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without treatment with this medicine ). - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or severe diabetes . - if you have low blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have ever experienced seizures or if you have been told that you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without seizures ) after treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine during pregnancy . - if you are pregnant , breast - feeding , think you may be any_long-standing_or_untreated_infections , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you that it is safe to do so . driving and using machines this medicine is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take zyllt - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel precautions . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel precautions : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : o oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin or other anti - inflammatory medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - ticlopidine ( used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin or other anti - inflammatory medicines ( used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps ) - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin or other anti - inflammatory medicines ( used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps ) - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin or other anti - inflammatory medicines ( used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps ) - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin or other anti - inflammatory medicines ( used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , urinary bladder spasm ,
do not take lamivudine_teva - if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions precautions tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . precautions tell your doctor if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . see section 4 for more information . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv_infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you ' re taking treatment . see section 4 for more information . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv_infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you ' re taking a_condom . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people hiv infection is spread by sexual contact with someone who has the infection , or by transfer of infected blood ( for example , by sharing injection needles ). you can still pass on hiv when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . other medicines and a_condom tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and medicines obtained without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you begin taking a new medicine while you are taking these medicines . these medicines may interfere with the effect of this medicine . these medicines should not be used with these medicines ( see possible side effects ). these medicines may increase the risk of side effects . if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines together with these_medicines , you should see your doctor . these medicines should not be used with these medicines ( see possible side effects ). these medicines should not be used at the same time as other medicines with similar effects to the baby . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : lamivudine , used to treat hiv infection . hepatitis_b_infection , used to treat hiv infection . hepatitis_b_infection , emtricitabine used to treat hiv infection . hepatitis_b_infection used to treat hepatitis b infection cladribine , emtricitabine used to treat hiv infection . cladribine used to treat hairy cell leukaemia tell your doctor if you are being treated with any of these . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine during pregnancy . your doctor will discuss with you the benefits and risks of taking this medicine during pregnancy . if you are breast - feeding , your doctor will discuss with you whether you should stop breast - feeding or stop or continue your treatment . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive vehicles and use machines safely .
do not use nespo - if you are allergic to tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of latex ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using epoetin alfa hexal if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), or any other cancer that makes you prone to internal cancer ( such as cancer ), - if you have been told that you have a weak immune system as this medicine may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using epoetin alfa hexal if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . if you have or ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), or any other cancer that makes you prone to internal cancer ( cancer of the bone ), or if you are a smoker ( as this may increase the risk of dental problems ). - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been told that you have a weak immune system as this medicine may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had cancer . if you are a cancer patient be aware that products that stimulate red blood cell production ( like abseamed ) may act as a growth factor and therefore in theory may affect the progression of your cancer . depending on your individual situation a blood transfusion may be preferable . please discuss this with your doctor . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving cancer . if you are a cancer patient be aware that products that stimulate red blood cell production ( like abseamed ) may act as a growth factor and therefore in theory may affect the progression of your cancer . depending on your individual situation a blood transfusion may be preferable . please discuss this with your doctor . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving cancer . if you are a cancer patient be aware that products that stimulate red blood cell production ( like abseamed ) may act as a growth factor and therefore in theory may affect the progression of your cancer . depending on your individual situation a blood transfusion may be preferable . please discuss this with your doctor . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving cancer . if you are a cancer patient be aware that products that stimulate red blood cell production ( like abseamed ) may act as a growth factor and therefore in theory may affect the progression of your cancer . depending on your individual situation a blood transfusion may be preferable . please discuss this with your doctor . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving cancer . if you are a cancer patient be aware that products that stimulate red blood cell production ( like abseamed ) may act as a growth factor and therefore in theory may affect the progression of your cancer . depending on your individual situation a blood transfusion may be preferable . please discuss this with your doctor . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving cancer . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of epoetin alfa hexal may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving cancer . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of epoetin alfa hexal may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving cancer . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of epoetin alfa hexal may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving cancer . if you are a cancer
do not use macugen - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks is important ( for example , in the eye or eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you have an infection , or have had an infection in the eye . - if you have an infection . - if you have an infection . - if you have an infection . - if you have had an allergic reaction to the eye . - if you have ever had an infection in the past or have ever had an infection in the eye . - if you have increased_discomfort ( a condition in which your adrenal glands attacks too much of red blood cells ) - if you have increased_discomfort ( a condition in which the adrenal glands attacks too much of the lungs ) - if you have increased_discomfort ( a condition in which your adrenal glands attacks too much of the lungs ) - if you have increased_discomfort ( a condition in which the adrenal glands attacks too much of the lungs ) - if you have increased_discomfort ( a condition in which your adrenal glands attacks too much of the lungs ) - if you have increased_discomfort ( a condition in which the adrenal glands attacks too much of the lungs ) - if you have increased_discomfort ( a condition in which your adrenal glands attacks too much of the lungs ) - if you have increased_discomfort ( a condition in which your adrenal glands attacks too much of the lungs ) - if you have increased_discomfort ( a condition in which the adrenal glands attacks too much of the lungs ) - if you have increased_discomfort ( a condition in which the adrenal glands attacks too much of red blood cells ) - if you have increased_discomfort ( a condition in which the adrenal glands attacks too much of red blood cells ) - if you have increased_discomfort ( a condition in which the adrenal glands attacks too much of red blood cells ) - if you have increased_discomfort ( a condition in which your adrenal glands attacks too much of red blood cells ) - if you have increased_discomfort ( a condition in which your adrenal glands attacks too much of red blood cells ) - have a low white blood cell count ( increased_discomfort ), white blood cell count ( increased_discomfort ), white blood cell count ( increased_discomfort ), a low number of red blood cells ( increased_discomfort ). - inflammation of the lungs ( increased_discomfort ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), increased_discomfort ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start using increased_discomfort . this risk may be a sign of a rare brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given increased_discomfort . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , increased_discomfort , a decrease in blood pressure , and a higher number of white blood cell needed ( increased_discomfort ) in some patients taking increased_discomfort . this risk may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( increased_discomfort )). if you have any symptoms of infection such as unusual shortness of breath , which may be a sign of a condition called increased_discomfort . - inflammation of the lungs ( increased_discomfort ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( increased_discomfort ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the
do not take kepivance if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for children and adolescents under 18 years . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to etelcalcetide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( this means that the levels of calcium in your blood are too low ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without hypocalcaemia ) - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without calcium in your blood ). if your doctor has told you that you have low levels of calcium in your blood . if your doctor has told you that you have low levels of calcium in your blood . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking fatal_outcomes : - if you have or have had hypocalcaemia . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if
do not take jentadueto - if you are allergic to dolutegravir , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with e . g . severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - hypoglycaemia . symptoms include stomach pain , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your
do not take edurant - if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because some_medicines could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before dexamethasone is started . - if you notice any symptoms of infection ( e . g . muscle weakness , weakness , dizziness , palpitations , low blood pressure ) while taking medicines like st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking dexamethasone ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and other products ) or products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) or a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( e . g . heartburn , weakness , dizziness , palpitations ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - dexamethasone ( a strong relaxant ) - dexamethasone ( a strong relaxant ) - dexamethasone ( a strong relaxant ) - dexamethasone ( a strong relaxant ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain in your body ) - dexamethasone ( a strong condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) talk to your doctor if you notice any change to your vision . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the hands under the body . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you notice any symptoms of infection ( e . g . muscle weakness , weakness , dizziness , palpitations ) while taking necessary_treatment , contact your doctor immediately . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . children and adolescents 65 should not be used in children and adolescents under 12 years of age . this is because it is not known if it is safe and effective in this age group . other medicines and medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines can affect the way some medicines work . some medicines can affect the way some medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way some medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way some medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way some medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way some medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way some medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way some medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way some medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way some medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way some medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way some medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way some medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way some medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way some medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way some medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way some medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way some medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way some medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way some medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way some medicines work . also some other medicines can
do not take avandamet - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have a severe liver disease or if you have heart failure or have had nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting
do not take clopidogrel_mylan - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ). - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ) - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel 1a : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . if you are a woman of childbearing age , you should tell your doctor if you have a hospital or have had a disease of the heart . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka : - if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ) - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next
do not take doptelet - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had surgery in the veins of your veins ( veins , veins , veins , or veins in the veins of the veins , veins , veins , or veins in your veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have recently had surgery , or if you have had surgery in the veins of your veins ( veins , veins , veins , or veins in your veins , veins , veins , or veins in your veins , veins , veins , or veins in your veins , veins , veins , or veins in your veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins in your veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins in your veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins in your veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins in your veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins in your veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins in your veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins in your veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins in the veins and veins in the veins of the veins and veins in the veins of your veins ( veins , veins in the veins of the veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , veins , and vaginal devices ) if you have recently taken recently , or if you have been diagnosed with cancer , speak to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill . speak to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if : you have cancer , because of the risk of cancer in the veins of the veins or veins ( for example , if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . recent surgery ) or surgical procedures ( e . g . for surgery ) if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( see also under " other medicines and the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ") - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) or surgical procedures ( used for surgical procedures ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) or surgical procedures ( used for surgical procedures ) - surgical procedure ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) - surgical procedures ( used to
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to medicines used to treat the active substances or to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine if your doctor has told you that you have low blood pressure . if any of the above applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking a_medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you : - are breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - are breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines some people may feel dizzy , headache , dizzy , headache or have a headache . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); 56 - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . - if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have recently experienced a myocardial infarction ( naion ), or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you are taking riociguat . pregnancy and breast - feeding
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole accord . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - heart trouble . - hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ). most hallucinations are visual . dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have dyskinesia ( e . g . agitation , feeling elated or delirium ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . sleepiness and episodes of symptoms may include schizophrenia , apathy , fatigue , fatigue , sweating or pain . if this happens , contact your doctor . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - sleepiness and episodes of suddenly falling asleep , psychosis ( e . g . comparable with symptoms of schizophrenia ). if you experience symptoms such as depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating or pain during your treatment , tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you experience symptoms such as depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating or pain during your
do not take emadine - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you are allergic to any other
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam_actavis , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking levetiracetam_actavis - if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any of these thoughts at any time , tell your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . you may find it helpful to tell a relative or close friend that you are developing depression or have been treated in the last treatment . you must tell your doctor if you suffer from depression or suicidal ideation in your behaviour . you may need to have blood checks before and during your treatment with levetiracetam teva . children and adolescents levetiracetam ratiopharm is not recommended for children and adolescents under 16 years . other medicines and levetiracetam accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not take macrogol ( a drug used as laxative ) for one hour before and one hour after taking levetiracetam as this may results in a loss of its effect . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . levetiracetam can be used during pregnancy . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking levetiracetam accord during pregnancy . if you are breast - feeding , your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking levetiracetam accord during pregnancy . - women who might become birth_defects are advised to use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 5 months after treatment has ended . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking levetiracetam_actavis during pregnancy . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding or planning to breast - feed , tell your doctor . driving and using machines it is not known whether levetiracetam has an effect on you being able to drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , umeclidinium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have heart problems - if you have difficulty passing urine - if you have difficulty passing urine ; - if you have difficulty passing urine ; - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have
do not take nucala if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have a parasitic infection , including infections , such as asthma , asthma , asthma or 4 - 6 - versus - host infections . some infections may be life - threatening . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had infections , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had infections . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . infections talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have or have ever had infections , including infections , or if you smoke , or have been in close contact with someone who has had infections . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . infections talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have or have ever had infections , including infections , or if you smoke , or have been in close contact with someone who has had infections . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . infections tell your doctor before you are given this medicine if you or the child you are caring for : - are 58 to have infections ( see " warnings and precautions "). in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to this medicine , your doctor will determine if this medicine is appropriate for you . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had infections , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had infections . it is important to tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might be ) parasites . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to this medicine , your doctor will check your dose of this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to this medicine , your doctor will check your dose of this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to this medicine , your doctor will
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . if you currently have kidney or kidney problems , your doctor will carefully consider whether lenalidomide is suitable for you and may wish to monitor you more closely . - if you have kidney or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have kidney or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have kidney or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have kidney or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have recently had or are pregnant . - if you are pregnant . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy , tired or dizzy , do not drive or use machines .
do not use palforzia - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include difficulty in breathing , trouble_breathing breathing , dizziness , chest tightness , vomiting , or diarrhoea . if you have or have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the following conditions : - experience tightness of the face , lips , throat , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or dizziness . fainting . treatment with this medicine could cause a severe allergic reaction ( allergic_reactions ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and vomiting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the throat_tightness , pain and vomiting , diarrhoea and diarrhoea . if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness or fainting , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness or fainting , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness or fainting , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness or fainting , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness or fainting , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness or fainting , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness or fainting , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness or fainting , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness or fainting , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness or fainting , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you develop chest pain or pain in the upper right side of your stomach area . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if you experience chest pain , tightness of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the throat_tightness , dizziness or fainting , tell your doctor right away . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - tightness of the face , lips , fainting or other parts of the body , dizziness , chest pain or shortness of breath . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor ,
do not use zerene - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to a sudden allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this type ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as difficulty in breathing , itching , vomiting , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , nausea , vomiting , or difficulty breathing . if you experience these symptoms , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have severe allergic reactions such as severe skin rash , itching , difficulty breathing , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , headaches ( signs of severe allergic reaction , see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience an allergic reaction to a severe allergic reaction , such as severe itching , itching , difficulty breathing , breathing difficulties , nausea and vomiting ( signs of severe allergic reaction , see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience an allergic reaction to a severe allergic reaction , such as a a_rash , itching , difficulty breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as rash , itching , nightmares , depersonalisation , hallucinations , psychoses , and difficulty breathing , or headaches ). see also section 4 " possible side effects ". if you experience a severe allergic reaction such as severe skin rash , itching or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as difficulty in breathing , delusion , rages , nightmares , hallucinations , psychoses , and difficulty breathing , or headaches ). see also section 4 " possible side effects ". if you experience a severe allergic reaction , such as severe itching , itching , difficulty breathing , or convulsions ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as difficulty in breathing , delusion , rages , nightmares , hallucinations , psychoses , changes in blood pressure , delusion , delusion , rages , nightmares , depersonalisation , psychoses and / or headaches ) as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , convulsions , severe headache , delusion , nightmares , depersonalisation , hallucinations , psychoses , changes in breathing , delusion , rages , nightmares , hallucinations , psychoses , changes in blood pressure , delusion , rages , nightmares , depersonalisation , hallucinations , psychoses , changes in blood pressure , delusion , rages , nightmares , nightmares , hallucinations , psychoses , changes in swallowing , delusion , rages , extroversion , extroversion , psychoses , changes in swallowing , delusion , rages , extroversion , extroversion , psychoses , changes in blood pressure , delusion , rages , nightmares , nightmares , hallucinations , psychoses , changes in blood pressure , delusion , rages , nightmares , hallucinations , hallucinations , changes in swallowing , delusion , rages , nightmares , hallucinations , psychoses , changes in breathing , delusion , rages , nightmares , hallucinations , psychoses , changes in blood pressure , delusion , rages , nightmares , nightmares , hallucinations , psychoses , changes in swallowing , and behavioural_effects ( an inability to breakdown of red , eyes , rages , behavioural_effects , and shoulder ) ( such as psychoses , memory loss , or behavioural_effects ) ( used to treat psychoses , bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder ) - delusion ( against rages , nightmares , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ) ( used to treat psychoses , bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder ) - delusion ( infusion - related reaction ) including delusion , rages , nightmares , depersonalisation , hallucinations ( psychoses ) or changes in your mood ( e . g . nausea , rages , nightmares , hallucinations , psychoses ) as these may be signs of a rare and potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , nausea , rages , nightmares , depersonalisation , hallucinations , psychoses , changes in breathing , delusion , rages , extroversion
