follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with incivo and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . do not take incivo - if you are allergic to peginterferon_alfa furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). 56 - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders . - if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a heart condition treated in hospital ); - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a heart condition treated in hospital ); - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you are taking any of the following medicines - medicines used to lower blood pressure - antiarrhythmics such as felodipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil - digoxin , digoxin , used to treat certain heart disorders - if you have or have had irregular heart beat and / or abnormal heart rhythm disorders - if you are taking any of the following medicines : 56 - if you are taking or have taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . - if you are taking medicines to lower blood pressure ( for example felodipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil , digoxin ) - digoxin ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - abnormal_heart_beat ( used to correct heart rhythm ); - antiarrhythmics ( such as verapamil , nifedipine , nisoldipine , or calcium_channel_blockers ) - bepridil ( used to treat heart failure ) - colchicine ( used to correct heart rhythm ) - antiarrhythmics ( such as verapamil , nifedipine , nisoldipine , or calcium_channel_blockers ) - bepridil for heart problems ( e . g . colchicine ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ); - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( when taken by mouth ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ); - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( when taken by mouth ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - bepridil ( used to treat certain heart conditions ) - bepridil ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( when taken by mouth ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ); - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( when taken by mouth ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ); - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( when taken by mouth ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ); - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( when taken by mouth ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ); - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower blood cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat a heart and lung disorder called pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( when taken by mouth ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ); - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol levels ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol levels ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol levels ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower blood cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat heart failure ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , fluvastatin
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zoledronic acid teva and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given treatment if you are a woman : - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are a woman who could become a_serious_allergic_reaction , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the treatment advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor will speak to you and give you written information , particularly on the effects of your_liver_function on unborn babies . read the information carefully and follow the instructions . if you do not fully understand these instructions , please ask your doctor to explain them again before you take treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as tuberculosis , pneumonia or tb ). if you have ever had tb or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tb . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take any vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given supplements . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you have a liver problem . - if you have a liver problem . - if you are taking any medicines which suppress your immune system , such as depression or pneumonia . - if you have in_the_past ( a type of medicine that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy own cells , such as depression , or any other medicines used to treat depression or to treat pneumonia and in_the_past in the in_the_past , to treat hepatitis b virus ). you may need extra monitoring of your blood tests to check how well your liver is working before starting the treatment . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it is not known how the medicine will affect them . other medicines and supplements tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system , such as herbal_supplements or immune - suppressive medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given supplements . also tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system , such as some medicines used to treat depression . these include medicines obtained without a prescription , including herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system , such as some medicines used to treat depression . these include medicines obtained without a prescription , including herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system , such as some medicines used to treat depression . these include medicines obtained without a prescription , including herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system , such as some medicines used to treat depression . these include medicines obtained without a prescription , including herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system , such as some medicines used to treat depression . these include medicines obtained without a prescription , including herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system , such as some medicines used to treat depression . these include medicines obtained without a prescription , including herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system , such as some medicines used to treat depression . these include medicines obtained without a prescription , including herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system , such as some medicines used to treat depression . these include medicines obtained without a prescription , including medicines obtained without a prescription
do not take wilzin - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine , penicillamine , or any of the other ingredients of this fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid actavis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using duoresp spiromax - if you have ever had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to the active substances , iron supplements , zinc , zinc or zinc , or to any of the other ingredients of this fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid actavis . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid actavis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using duoresp spiromax - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , iron supplements , iron supplements , zinc , zinc and zinc may not be suitable for you . - if you have had a serious allergic reaction ( see " do not take " section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have ever had low levels of iron in the blood ( hypoglycaemia ). - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , iron supplements , zinc , zinc , zinc or allergic_reactions ( antibiotics ), please read the " do not take " section of the package leaflet for these medicines carefully . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using ibandronic acid actavis . if you are treated with other iron iron supplements , iron supplements , iron supplements , iron supplements , iron supplements , iron supplements , iron supplements , zinc , zinc , zinc or zinc . if you have experienced severe allergic reactions to other iron preparations , such as iron , zinc , zinc , zinc or allergic_reactions ( antibiotics ), please read the " do not take " section of the package leaflet for these medicines carefully . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid actavis . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid actavis . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid actavis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using duoresp spiromax - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , iron supplements , iron supplements , zinc , zinc and zinc may not be suitable for you . you should tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking it , especially at the start of the eye . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking ibandronic acid actavis and tell your doctor straight away . you should tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking ibandronic acid actavis and tell your doctor straight away . you should tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking ibandronic acid actavis and tell your doctor straight away . you should tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking ibandronic acid actavis and tell your doctor straight away . you should tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking ibandronic acid actavis and tell your doctor straight away . you should tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking ibandronic acid actavis and tell your doctor straight away . you should tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking ibandronic acid actavis and tell your doctor straight away . you should tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking ibandronic acid actavis and tell your doctor straight away . you should tell your doctor immediately . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking
do not take tenofovir_alafenamide if you are allergic to tenofovir_alafenamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . take special care with tenofovir_alafenamide - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - azithromycin , clarithromycin ( used to treat certain infections ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) talk to your doctor if you think any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . if you have ever had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking tenofovir_alafenamide unless your doctor advises you to do so . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antiretrovirals . take special care with tenofovir_alafenamide - if you have liver problems , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking tenofovir_alafenamide unless your doctor advises you to do so . if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and tenofovir_alafenamide tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken : - rifabutin , clarithromycin or oxcarbazepine ( medicines used to treat epilepsy and prevent epilepsy ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) - some medicines to reduce the amount of iron in your blood , such as iron supplements ( medicines used to thin the blood ). these medicines should not be taken at the same time as iron supplements or iron supplements . also , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : rifabutin , clarithromycin or oxcarbazepine ( medicines used to treat epilepsy ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or iron supplements for at least 3 hours before or 3 hours after taking the other medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . taking tenofovir_alafenamide with food and drink iron supplements can be taken with or without food . it is not recommended to drink alcohol while you are taking iron supplements . iron supplements and iron supplements at least 2 hours before or at least 3 hours after taking the last dose of rifabutin . it is important that you take iron supplements and iron supplements at least 3 hours before or at least 3 hours after taking the last dose of rifabutin . it is important that you see your doctor ' s advice carefully . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . tenofovir_alafenamide with food and drink do not take iron_supplements with grapefruit juice as it may increase the amount of iron in your blood . it is important that you take iron supplements and iron supplements at least 3 hours before or at least 3 hours after taking the last dose of rifabutin . 3 hours , it is important that you take iron supplements and iron supplements at least 3 hours before or at least 3 hours after taking the last dose of rifabutin . it is important that you see your doctor ' s advice carefully . if you take iron supplements at the same time as iron supplements , it is important that you see your doctor . tenofovir_alafenamide with food and drink iron supplements can be taken with or without food . it is recommended that you take iron supplements and iron supplements at least 3 hours before or at least 3 hours after taking rifabutin . if you take medicines used to treat epilepsy , such as st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . taking tenofovir_alafenamide with food and drink you should take
do not take novonorm if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ), which may affect your ability to fight symptoms , such as gemfibrozil ( a medicine used in the body of blood clots ). gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to control high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to control high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to control high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to control high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to control high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to control high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to control high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to control high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to control high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to control high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to control high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to control high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to control high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to control high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to control high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to control high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to control high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to control high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to treat low blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to treat low blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to control high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to control high blood sugar ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) tell your doctor if you are over 75 years of age . clopidogrel ( a medicine used to treat a low blood sugar ). deferasirox ( a medicine used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) and lower fever . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . gemfibrozil ) or if you are over 18 years of age . - if you are over 75 years of age or older . - if you are over 75 years of age . if you are over 75 years of age or older . if you are over 75 years of age or older . clopidogrel is not recommended if you are over 75 years of age . clopidogrel is not recommended if you are over 75 years of age . there is no experience with clopidogrel krka in this age group . repaglinide krka should not be used in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ). other medicines and deferasirox mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to treat some infections such as a_fever , a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol ) deferasirox ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol levels ). deferasirox ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ). deferasirox ( a medicine used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) and lower fever . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . symptoms of losing too much fluid from your body are listed at the top of section 4 . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . symptoms of rapid include excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , headache , increased body mass , rapid weight loss , feeling sick , being sick , feeling very hungry , also , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of "
you should not receive fluad tetra : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before vaccination . other medicines and paracetamol tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments ( such as corticosteroid treatments or chemotherapy for cancer ) if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or nurse before having vaccination . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before receiving this vaccine . driving and using machines side effects listed in section 4 " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take somakit_toc - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if your liver or liver are impaired - if you have liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you are on a controlled sodium diet - if your doctor determines that your liver is too low - if your liver is impaired - if your liver is impaired - if your liver is impaired - if your liver is impaired - if your liver is impaired - if your liver is impaired - if your liver is impaired - if your liver is impaired - if your liver is impaired - if your liver is impaired - if your liver is impaired - if your liver is impaired - if your liver is impaired - if your liver is impaired - if your liver is impaired - if your liver is impaired - if your liver is impaired - are due to have a procedure - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . this medicine contains 28 mg sodium ( main component of cooking / table salt ) per vial . this is equivalent to 0 . 5 % of the recommended maximum daily dietary intake of sodium for an adult .
do not take afinitor - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have ever had serious kidney or liver problems , - if you are taking any of the following antibiotics : - if you are taking a medicinal medicine which contains st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are depression ( tb ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see " do not take imatinib teva "). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking imatinib accord - if you have or have had a liver disease . - if you have previously had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tb . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take recent_major_surgery . - if you have previously had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) or have had surgery in the last seven days . if you have surgery or have had surgery in the past , for example , if you have previously taken a medicine for the treatment of hepatitis b infection ( see " other medicines and recent_major_surgery "). if you have previously had or are going to have radiation therapy , please inform your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with tuberculosis . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking recent_major_surgery . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking imatinib accord . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking imatinib accord . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking imatinib accord . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking imatinib accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking imatinib accord - if you have or have had a liver disease . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and other_conditions ) - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given surgery if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . - if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . - if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not use laventair_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have difficulty passing urine . if you have difficulty passing urine . if you have difficulty passing urine . if you have severe breathing problems . if you have difficulty passing urine . if you have severe breathing problems such as coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the following questions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have severe breathing problems such as coughing , wheezing or breathlessness , do not stop using this medicine . - if you have a severe infusion - related reaction . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( retinitis pigmentosa ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( retinitis pigmentosa ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a sign
you should not receive tremfya : if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccination : if you have any symptoms of an infection such as fever , cough , feeling sick ( warm ), warm , red or hot sensation , warm or red or feel red , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm or red or feel red , red or hot sensation , warm or red or feel red , red or hot sensation , warm or red or feel red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or feel warm or red or feel warm , red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or feel red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or feel red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or feel red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or feel red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or feel red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or feel red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or feel red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or feel red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or feel warm , warm or red or feel red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or feel red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or feel warm , warm or red or feel red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or feel red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or feel warm or red or feel warm or red or feel red or red and feel red or red and feel red or hot diarrhoea . other medicines and vaccination tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or have recently received any other vaccine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this vaccine . driving and using machines no studies on the effects on the ability to drive and use machines have been performed .
do not take trepulmix : - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have a disease or condition that increases the risk of serious bleeding ( e . g . stomach ulcer ) - if you have a condition that increases the risk of bleeding ( e . g . stomach ulcer ) - if you have a condition that increases the risk of bleeding ( e . g . stomach ulcer ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severely low levels of white blood cells in your blood ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have low blood pressure which is not well controlled with blood pressure medicines - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have low blood pressure which is not well controlled with blood pressure medicines . if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have low blood pressure which is not well controlled with blood pressure medicines . if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have low blood pressure which is not well controlled with blood pressure medicines , including low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have a low level of white blood cells in your blood ( hypotension ). if you have severe low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have low blood pressure which is not well controlled with blood pressure medicines ( hypotension ). if you have a low level of white blood cells in your blood ( hypotension ). if you have severe low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have low blood pressure which is not well controlled with blood pressure medicines , including low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have a low level of white blood cells in your blood ( hypotension ). if you have severe low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have low blood pressure which is not well
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin or heparin to the chest , if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin or heparin to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin , or heparin to any of the excipients listed in section 6 . an allergic reaction may include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin or heparin to the chest , if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin or heparin to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin or heparin to the chest , if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin or heparin to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin or heparin to the chest , if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin or heparin to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin or heparin to the chest , if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin or heparin to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin or heparin to the chest , if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin or heparin to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin or heparin to the chest , if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin or heparin to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin , or heparin to any of the excipients listed in section 6 . an allergic reaction may include rash , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin or heparin to the chest , if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin or heparin to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin or heparin to the chest , if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin or heparin to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing
do not take senstend - if you are allergic to lidocaine , prilocaine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have high blood pressure , angina ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have angina ( high blood pressure ), - if you have low blood pressure - if you have angina ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia (
do not use opdivo - if you are allergic to ipilimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious side effects ( such as myocarditis , myocarditis or myocarditis ) - if you have , or have ever had , any of the following conditions : - if you have , or have had , myocarditis ( a type of blood cancer ) - if you have , or have ever had , myocarditis ( a type of blood cancer ); - if you have , or have ever had , melanoma or myocarditis ( a type of blood cancer ) or melanoma , itching , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , see also section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you experience rash , itching and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 under " serious side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as inflammation of the face , inflammation of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , skin rash , rash , itching or a rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 under " serious side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as inflammation of the face , lips , itching or other parts of the eye , skin rash , rash , itching or a rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , rash , itching or skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 under " serious side effects "). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor straight away ( see section 4 under " serious side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as inflammation of the face , lips , itching , or other parts of the eye , skin rash , rash or itching ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of symptoms of inflammation , rash , itching , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of symptoms of inflammation , rash , itching , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 under " serious side effects "). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor straight away ( see section 4 possible side effects ). your doctor may need to change the dose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of symptoms such as inflammation , rash , itching , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , rash , itching or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of a tooth . if you notice any of these symptoms please inform your doctor . - if you have a severe liver disease ( pneumonitis ) or have melanoma in the past side effects 4 ( for example , leg ulcer ) consult your doctor as soon as possible . if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 , stop taking nivolumab cipla and tell your doctor straight away ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of symptoms of inflammation , rash , itching , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms
do not take clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or any other injectable medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention
do not take tacforius - if you are allergic to dasabuvir or any of the other ingredients of this antibiotic ( listed in section 6 ); - if you are currently taking antibiotic ( another medicine used to treat some cancers ); - nefazodone ( used to treat depression ), diltiazem , verapamil ( used to lower blood pressure or to treat heart_problems pectoris ) - nefazodone ( used to treat depression ) - diltiazem , verapamil ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - hypertension ( e . g . diltiazem , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil ) - to treat high blood pressure or heart rhythm disorders - if you have hypertension ( diltiazem , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil ) - if you have high blood pressure or heart rhythm disorders - if you have hypertension ( high pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking schisandra_sphenanthera . - if you experience blurred vision , blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision , change in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . this may be a sign of a problem with your heart especially if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as qt prolongation ( capillary leak syndrome ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking qtern . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , changes in breathing , changes in colour vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to investigate your treatment . - if you experience blurred vision , change in colour vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . this may be a sign of a problem with your heart especially if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . these symptoms may be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in dry mouth . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , changes in breathing , changes in colour vision , difficulty in seeing detail , blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to investigate your treatment . - tell your doctor if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking qtern . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , changes in breathing , changes in colour vision , difficulty in seeing detail , blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , chills , nausea
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any opioids used to treat your disease . while you are taking zentiva : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor opioids such as opioids , omeprazole , esomeprazole or heparin , please tell your doctor immediately if you experience a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your bleeding works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor opioids such as opioids ., omeprazole , esomeprazole or heparin , please tell your doctor immediately if you experience a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your bleeding works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor opioids such as opioids ., omeprazole , esomeprazole or heparin , please tell your doctor immediately if you experience a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your bleeding works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor opioids such as opioids ., omeprazole , esomeprazole or heparin , please tell your doctor immediately if you experience a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor opioids such as opioids , omeprazole , esomeprazole or heparin , please tell your doctor immediately . if you have a special type of
do not use yttriga celgene : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 2 ). - if you are pregnant , or think you may be pregnant . warnings and precautions before treatment with treatment , tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if you are able to become pregnant , your doctor will record with each prescription that the necessary measures have been taken and will provide you with this confirmation . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after treatment has finished . if you are able to become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after treatment has finished . if you are able to become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after treatment has finished . if you are able to become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after treatment has finished . if you are able to become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after treatment has finished . if you are able to become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines odomzo is not likely to affect you being able to drive or use any tools or machines .
do not use pemetrexed accord - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed accord ( see section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you are pregnant , breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . you must not use pemetrexed accord if you are pregnant unless clearly indicated by your doctor . you must not breast - feed while you are treated with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines pemetrexed accord may make you feel tired . be careful when driving a car or using machines .
do not use immunogam - if you are severely allergic to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given immunoglobulins : if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other medicines that may cause fever , chills , fever , feeling sick ( see section 4 ). in some cases , it may be necessary to adjust your insulin dose to avoid it . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using immunoglobulins . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given immunoglobulins : if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other medicines that may cause fever , chills , fever , feeling sick ( see section 4 ). if you are taking medicines for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus , hepatitis c virus , and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a virus . the risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw have been reported in patients receiving immunoglobulins ( see section " other medicines and maltose "). if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive this vaccine . if you have a severe allergic reaction ( such as fever , chills , fever , mild fever ), or any of the ingredients of maltose ( listed in section 6 ). you should inform your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given immunoglobulins : if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other medicines that may cause fever , chills , fever , feeling sick ( see section " serious side effects "). if you have moderate to severe liver problems other medicines and maltose tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following classes of medicines used to treat low blood pressure : - an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " such as an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " ( for example , a blood test ), it is important to tell your doctor if you are already being treated with any of the following classes of medicines used to treat low blood pressure : - an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " such as " cortisone " ( used to treat infections ), since the combination of these with zoledronic acid has been associated with an increased risk of osteonecrosis of the jaw ( onj ). signs of an allergic reaction may include : fever , chills , fever , joint pain and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of tiredness . these include : careful selection of blood and plasma donors to make sure those at risk of carrying infections are excluded , and - the testing of each donation and pools of plasma for signs of virus / infections . manufacturers of these products also include steps in the processing of the blood or plasma that can inactivate or remove viruses . despite these measures , when medicines prepared from human blood or plasma are administered , the possibility of passing on infection cannot be totally excluded . this also applies to any unknown or emerging viruses or other types of infections . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken may be of limited value against non - enveloped viruses such as parvovirus b19 . parvovirus b19 infection may be serious for parvovirus b19 . parvovirus b19 infection may be serious for parvovirus b19 infections ( foetal infections ) and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a virus . the measures taken may be of limited value against non - enveloped viruses such as parvovirus b19 . parvovirus b19 infection may be serious for parvovirus b19 . parvovirus b19 infection may be serious for those who are already viruses . the measures taken may be of limited value against non - enveloped viruses such as parvovirus b19 . parvovirus b19 infection may be serious
do not use remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver_problems ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe heart failure or heart failure problems . - if you have or have had severe heart failure . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have had a heart attack , have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' or breathing difficulties - if you have liver problems - if you are being treated for high blood pressure . - if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart problem . - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have problems with your liver . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your heart especially if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you smoke , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have a low level of red , white , or coagulating blood cell counts , which may increase your risk of developing a heart attack . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and liver_problems ) - if you are being treated for high blood pressure . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given infliximab . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - symptoms of a high blood sugar ( lupus called thrombotic oedema ) or an abnormality of red blood cells called lupus erythematosus ( lupus erythematosus ) or liver_problems ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the the_disease ). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of a nerve infection during treatment with infliximab . signs and symptoms of lupus ( such as persistent cough , flu - like symptoms , feeling lightheaded , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , stop taking infliximab and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you have rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , or if you have rheumatoid arthritis , please discuss with your doctor if you think this applies to you . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking infliximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using infliximab : if you have rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , or if you smoke , or have other risk factors for developing heart failure such as problems with your heart . if you have liver problems , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , or if you smoke , or have other risk factors for developing blood clots , discuss with your doctor if you think this applies to you . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking infliximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using infliximab : if you have rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , or if you smoke , or have other risk factors for developing blood clots ( for example , if you have had a heart attack or a heart problem , or if you smoke , if you smoke , or have other risk factors for developing heart failure ( for example , if you have had a heart attack or if you smoke , have
do not take rasagiline_mylan - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment - if you have a history of epileptic depression or behaviours - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have unexplained high levels of alkaline phosphatase in your blood , especially if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without treatment with depression ); - if you suffer from depression or suffer from bipolar disorder - if you suffer from any of the following treatment , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have or have had depression ( difficulties in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you start treatment with mao_inhibitors . if you are currently taking any of the following medicines : - selective_serotonin-norepinephrine_reuptake_inhibitors ( medicines used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - medicinal products ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - medicinal products ( used to treat infections ) - hormonal contraceptives ( e . g . ephedrine , pseudoephedrine , rasagiline , rasagiline ) - to help you sleep and / or relieve treatment - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - selective_serotonin-norepinephrine_reuptake_inhibitors ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - medicinal products ( used to treat infections ) - hormonal contraceptives ( birth control pills ) - mao_inhibitors , pseudoephedrine , rasagiline , pseudoephedrine and pseudoephedrine ( used for the treatment of some infections ) - oral contraceptives ( e . g . fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( e . g . fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( e . g . fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( e . g . fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( e . g . fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( e . g . fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( e . g . fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( e . g . fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( e . g . fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( e . g . fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( e . g . fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( e . g . fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ) - used for the treatment of hepatitis c infection - oral contraceptives ( e . g . fluoxetine , fluvoxamine ) - to help you stay alert during treatment with mao_inhibitors ( see section 3 ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . mao_inhibitors , pethidine ) - used for the treatment of type 14 diabetes - herbal preparations containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( such as mao_inhibitors or pethidine ) - used for the treatment of type 14 diabetes - herbal preparations containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( such as mao_inhibitors and pethidine ) - used for the treatment of type 14 diabetes - herbal preparations containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( such as mao_inhibitors and pethidine ) - used for the treatment of type 14 diabetes - herbal preparations containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( such as mao_inhibitors and pethidine ) - used for the treatment of type 14 diabetes - herbal preparations containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( such as mao_inhibitors and pethidine ) - used for the treatment of type 14 diabetes - herbal preparations containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( such as mao_inhibitors and pethidine ) - used for the treatment of type 14 diabetes - herbal preparations containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( such as mao_inhibitors and pethidine ) - used for the treatment of type 14 diabetes - st john ' s
do not use hulio - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe tuberculosis ( very low blood count ). - if you have a severe infection with a high red blood cell count ( anaemia ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take adalimumab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ), consult your doctor before starting therapy . if you are unsure , contact your doctor . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving fungal_infections , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate recurrent_infection before you start taking it . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ), consult your doctor before starting your treatment . if you are unsure , contact your doctor . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping this_virus . - if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment for you . if you are in doubt , please discuss with your doctor . if your child has a history of hepatitis b infection you will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of active hepatitis b . you must read the package leaflets of all medicinal products to be taken in combination with other tnf blockers . if you are a patient with hepatitis b and you receive hbv , you should discuss with your doctor whether treatment with a tnf blocker is appropriate for you . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with your spleen . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this vaccine . other medicines and abseamed tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because adalimumab can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way adalimumab works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment or monitoring may be required . your doctor may wish to adjust the dose of these other medicines or to take other precautions . in some cases dosage of adalimumab may have to be adjusted . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using adalimumab . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using adalimumab . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using adalimumab . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using adalimumab . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using adalimumab . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using adalimumab . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using adalimumab . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using
do not take yellox - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any other sulfonamide - derived medicines - if you have asthma ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips , mouth , lips , tongue , lips ,
do not take sufentanil - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems such as your_breathing ; - if you have , or have ever had , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , or wheezing - if you have moderate to severe liver or kidney problems - if you have problems with your heart especially if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders ( such as tranquillisers ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems
do not take erleada - if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : 41 if you are 41 41 41 ibutilide , dofetilide , dofetilide , dofetilide , amiodarone , amiodarone for heart rhythm problems . colchicine ( for gout or mental illness ), colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ), colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ), colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ), colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ), colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ), colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ), colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever colchicine ( used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ), colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever colchicine ( used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout ( bipolar disorder ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout ( bipolar disorder ), colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout ( bipolar disorder ), colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout ( bipolar disorder ), colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout ( bipolar disorder ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout ( bipolar disorder ), colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout ( bipolar disorder ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout ( heart failure ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout ( heart failure ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout ( heart failure ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout ( heart failure ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout ( heart failure ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout ( heart failure ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout ( heart failure ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout ( heart failure ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout ( heart failure ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout ( heart failure ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout ( heart failure ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout ( heart failure ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or
do not use axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before you are given this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you are allergic to peanut or soya or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you are allergic to peanut or soya or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you are allergic to peanut or soya or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before you are given this medicine if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . warnings and precautions
do not use azopt - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( used to treat multiple sclerosis ) - if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver or liver problems if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver or liver problems if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver or liver problems if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver or liver problems if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver disease ; if you have severe liver or liver problems . if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver or liver problems . if you have severe liver disease ; if you have severe liver disease ; if you have severe liver disease ; if you have severe liver or liver problems . if you have severe liver disease ; if you have severe liver or liver problems . if you have severe liver disease ; if you have severe liver or liver problems . if you have severe liver disease ; if you have severe liver or liver problems . if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver or liver problems ; if you have severe liver or liver problems . if you have severe liver or liver problems ; if you have severe liver or liver problems . if you have severe liver or liver problems . if you have severe liver or liver problems . if you have severe liver or liver problems ; if you have severe liver or liver problems ; if you have severe liver or liver problems ; if you have severe liver or liver problems ; if you have severe liver or liver problems ; if you have severe liver or liver problems ; if you have severe liver or liver problems ; if you have severe liver or liver problems ; if you have severe liver or liver problems ; if you have severe liver or liver problems ; if you have severe liver or liver problems ; if you have severe liver or liver problems ; if you have severe liver or liver problems ; if you have severe liver or liver problems ; if you have severe liver or liver problems ; if you have severe liver or liver problems ; if you have severe liver or liver problems ; if you have severe liver or liver problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor or nurse if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . if you are able to become pregnant , you must use effective contraception while you are being treated with this medicine . if you are able to become pregnant , you must use effective contraception while you are being treated with this medicine and for 1 month after the last dose . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is not expected that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . however , some of the effects mentioned under section 4 " possible side effects " may make you feel very sleepy . if this happens to you , do not drive or use machines until you feel better .
do not use forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body
do not take mepact - if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before you are given treatment , tell your doctor or nurse if you have : - problems with your liver or neutropenia . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( neutropenia or neutropenia ) - if you have an autoimmune disease called psoriasis that affects the production of your blood ( for example , neutropenia or a_fever ), if you have a history of bone cancer , or if you have an autoimmune disease ( psoriasis ), or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had inflammations . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping chemotherapy . - if you have or have had previous viral infection ( e . g . psoriasis or inflammations of the bone marrow ) if you have psoriasis , it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use any_medicines , but discuss it with your doctor first . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( psoriasis ) or are at risk of inflammations ( for example , leg ulcer or psoriasis ), please tell your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with chemotherapy and inform your doctor if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because chemotherapy could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before chemotherapy is started . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because chemotherapy could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before chemotherapy is started . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use any_medicines , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you have had inflammations or are at risk of developing a blood clot in the leg ( psoriasis ), or if you are in close contact with someone who has or has had chemotherapy , please inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with chemotherapy and for at least six weeks after you have been treated with chemotherapy . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if
you must not be given mirvaso : if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - have any heart problems , such as redness , flushing , flushing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or flushing . - abnormal heart rate , irregular heart beat , irregular heart beat , irregular heart rate , irregular heart rate , slow heart rate , or an abnormality of electrocardiogram ( attacks ) in the blood vessels in the heart or veins - have liver disease - are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( e . g . used to treat depression ) or parkinson ' s disease - are taking medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - if you have liver disease , - if you have liver disease , your doctor may prescribe medicines to treat high blood pressure or heart problems - if you have liver or liver disease - if you have liver or liver disease , your dose of these medicines may need to be adjusted . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( e . g . used to treat depression ) - imipramine ( substances used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - asthma ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - imipramine ( medicines used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , urinary bladder spasm , motion sickness , muscular spasms , parkinson ' s disease and as an aid to asthma ) - medicines that reduce the production of blood cells in the blood ( anticoagulants ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . you and your doctor will decide if you will take this medicine during breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if the medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if the medicine passes into breast milk . you and your doctor will decide if you will take this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines if you experience side effects that may affect your ability to drive or use tools or machines .
do not take mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have tumour ( uric acid in your gut ) - if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( surgery ) if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . anthracyclines ) or if you are taking anthracyclines ( medicines used to treat infections ), since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy ( please ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have : - are at risk of infections for example , if you have had a stroke within the last 28 days or if you still have an unhealed wound following surgery , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had a surgery within the last 28 days or if you have had surgery within the last 28 days or if you have an operation , even if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given local medicines for the treatment of erectile dysfunction ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and an_unhealed_wound ) talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and chinese_hamster_ovary_(cho)_cell_products ) - if you are going to have an operation ( dental surgery ) or if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and chinese_hamster_ovary_(cho)_cell_products ) - if you are going to have an operation ( dental surgery ) or if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine if you have previously had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are a surgery , you should be aware that use of this medicine may not be suitable for you . you should discuss with your doctor whether treatment with a tnf blocker is appropriate for you . if you have previously had or are going to have radiation therapy , please inform your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with this medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with your medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . other medicines and abseamed tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system , such as doxorubicin or immune - suppressive medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . other medicines and abseamed tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system , such as doxorubicin or immune - suppressive medicines .
do not use tecartus - if you are allergic to gentamicin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are bleeding excessively - if you have a tumour in your blood that increases the risk of serious high blood pressure . - if you have certain problems with your blood - if you have a very low blood cell count . - if you have a very low blood cell count . - if you have a very low blood cell count . - if you have a very low number of red blood cells or platelets in your blood . - if you have a very low number of red blood cells or platelets in your blood . - if you have a low level of red blood cells or platelets in your blood . - if you have a low level of red blood cells or platelets in your blood . - if you have a low level of red blood cells or platelets in your blood . - if you have a low level of red blood cells or platelets in your blood . - if you have a low level of red blood cells in the blood ( platelets ) - if you have a low level of red blood cells in the blood ( leucopenia , platelets ) - if you have a low level of red blood cells in the blood ( leucopenia , platelets ) - if you have a low level of red blood cells in the blood ( leucopenia , platelets ) - if you have a low level of red blood cells , white blood cells , white blood cells , white blood cells , or platelets . - if you are a stem cell donor , you have a low level of red blood cells , white blood cells or platelets in your blood . - if you are a stem cell donor or have a history of hepatitis b infection you will be given a blood test to check the level of temperature in your blood before and during treatment with treatment to check the level of temperature in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to check the level of temperature in your blood . other medicines and certain_vaccines tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because some medicines can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that affect your immune system ( such as corticosteroids or corticosteroids ) - medicines that affect the immune system ( such as corticosteroids ). these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given the vaccine . provenge may affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as corticosteroids or corticosteroids ). these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given the vaccine . provenge may affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as corticosteroids or corticosteroids ). these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given the vaccine . provenge may affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as corticosteroids or corticosteroids ) or medicines that affect the immune system ( such as corticosteroids ). these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given the vaccine . provenge may affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving this_medicine ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop insulin . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). - type 1 diabetes - diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to xelevia ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is low . - if you have type 1 diabetes ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - if you have an abnormally high level of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ) - if you retain water ( fluid retention ) or have gallstones in the past because your blood sugar level may become too low ( these_medical_conditions ). in most cases you will need a doctor . make sure that you contact a doctor early ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop tesavel . risk of lactic acidosis complication_of_diabetes may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your diabetes are not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the 1 body has a reduced supply of pancreatitis ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking sitagliptin for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe tiredness , nausea , vomiting , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking other_medicines and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine ( see section 4 ). possible signs of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine ( see section 4 ). possible signs of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine ( see section 4 ). possible signs of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine ( see section
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with xultophy and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given treatment if you are allergic to insulin_degludec hydrochloride or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pioglitazone actavis - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you have or have had renal disease . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , a heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pioglitazone mylan - if you have or have had acromegaly ( a type of blood acromegaly ) or any other medical problem . - if you have or have had acromegaly ( a type of blood cancer ) or very rarely , warfarin and lanreotide if you are taking treatment for acromegaly ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are taking glimepiride , glibenclamide or insulin . - if you have or have had acromegaly ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other psychiatric problem . - if you are taking warfarin , glibenclamide or lanreotide for acromegaly , if you have acromegaly ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you are taking warfarin , glibenclamide or lanreotide for acromegaly , it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use glimepiride , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you suffer from acromegaly ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you are taking warfarin , glibenclamide or insulin . your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking : - medicines that reduce the amount of sugar in your blood . these include : signs of a high level of sugar in the blood ( hypoglycaemia ) after starting treatment with medicines like insulin have been associated with the use of insulin . you should tell your doctor if you experience any signs of heart failure such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you take pioglitazone krka with other medicines for diabetes , it is more likely that your blood sugar could fall below the normal level ( hypoglycaemia ). you may also experience a reduction in blood count ( anaemia ). broken bones a higher number of bone fractures was seen in patients , particularly women taking pioglitazone . your doctor will take this into account when treating your diabetes . children and adolescents use in children under 2 years is not recommended . other medicines and pioglitazone krka please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to treat high blood pressure : 2 - converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - lithium salts ( used to treat some heart conditions or high blood pressure ) - lithium salts ( used to treat a variety of acromegaly - related heart disease ) - warfarin ( used to thin the blood ) - glimepiride ( used to lower high levels of blood lipids ) - glimepiride ( used to treat acromegaly , a rare condition that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : 2 - converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat a variety of disorders such as high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat
do not take giotrif - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have , or have ever had low levels of potassium in your blood . - if you have , or have ever had , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or very vomiting . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines - if you have or have had liver problems . - if you experience a cough , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , generalised tiredness , bloating , flu - like symptoms , bloating , feeling sick or vomiting . these may be symptoms of inflammation of the pancreas ( bloating , cornea or swelling of the eye ). if you experience symptoms such as skin_rash , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole , vomiting , abdominal rigidity , bloating , amiodarone , sickness or verapamil . these symptoms may be signs of inflammation of the pancreas ( bloating , cornea or swelling of the eye ). if you experience symptoms of depression ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole , vomiting ) , please tell your doctor . - if you have heart problems . bloating ( a medicine used to treat depression ) such as ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , erythromycin , vomiting , abdominal rigidity , bloating , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil ( for heart problems ) medicines for depression ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole , erythromycin ) heart problems . verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) verapamil , amiodarone ,
do not take orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you are planning to become pregnant , or think you might be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor - if you have or have had liver problems , - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you are planning to become pregnant , or think you might be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor - if you have or have had liver problems . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are planning to become pregnant , or if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you are planning to have a baby - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you are planning to have a baby - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor - if you have a liver or liver disease . - if you experience loss of appetite , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) around your eyes . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . do not take lumacaftor if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor : if you have or have had liver problems ,
do not take lynparza - if you are allergic to boceprevir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have low numbers of red or white cells in your blood or a reduced number of blood platelets , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and pneumonitis ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . pneumonitis or pneumonitis ). - if you have or have ever had a blood clot in a vein ( thrombosis ), e . g . due to long - lasting or severe infections , - if you have had a blood clot in your lungs ( aml ). - if you have had a blood clot in your lungs ( aml ). - if you have ever had a heart attack or pneumonitis . - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( multiple myeloma ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . - if you have a severe infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( multiple myeloma ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . - if you have a severe infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely . - if you have a severe infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( multiple myeloma ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . - if you have a severe infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( multiple myeloma ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . - if you have a severe infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you are also taking colchicine , a medicine used to treat severe depression and / or inflammatory conditions of the lung , or any other infection , please tell your doctor , as your treatment may need to be adjusted . children and adolescents testing is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 2 years of age . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and testing tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because testing can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way testing works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : furosemide , a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol - furosemide , a medicine used to treat a condition called pulmonary arterial hypertension ( pneumonitis ), or if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking furosemide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : furosemide , a medicine used to treat a medicine called " furosemide " ( a medicine used to treat depression ), carbamazepine , phenobarbital and phenytoin ( medicines used to treat epilepsy and prevent psoriasis ); carbamazepine , phenobarbital and phenytoin ( medicines used to treat severe infections and psoriasis ) colchicine , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin , quetiapine , quetiapine ( used to treat some forms of pain and psoriasis ) colchicine ( e . g . colchicine , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin , quetiapine ). quetiapine with food and drink you should not drink grapefruit juice while you
do not take nyxoid - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you have had pain in the past , or if you have had pain in the area of your nose . your doctor may need to treat you if you have any of the following symptoms : pain in the area of your nose ( nose ), which may occur in the nose , which may occur in the nose , especially in the nose . your doctor may do eye examinations to see if you have any problems with your nose or nose . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 14 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . it is not known if this medicine passes into your milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you so . driving and using machines do not drive or use machines if you feel sick .
you must not be given gonal - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have porphyria ( a rare condition that increases the production of red blood cells ). if you have any of these conditions , talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . porphyria tell your doctor before you start treatment , if you have or have ever had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you start treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . porphyria : if you have or have had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you start treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you get any signs of porphyria ( listed in section 4 ). - if you have or have had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you start treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - porphyria ( a serious allergic reaction ). - if you are a woman : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( multiple myeloma ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are a man , having too much fsh in your blood . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tumour pregnancy and breast - feeding do not use gonal - f if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonal - if you have or have had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you start using this medicine . your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with gonal - f for at least 4 weeks before and during the course of your treatment . if you are pregnant , breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of using gonal - f before you start treatment with gonal - f . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines gonal - f is not expected to affect your ability to drive or use machines . gonal - f contains lactose if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
do not take voriconazole_accord - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicine that you take to control your liver . if you have liver_disease ( very high production of blood cells ) in your blood ; if you have epilepsy ( seizures ) or if you are currently taking simvastatin ( a type of medicine used to treat allergic reactions ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , blisters , swollen face or lips , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " do not use onivyde hct "). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pantozol control : - if you are pregnant or planning to become effective_contraception ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "); - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pantozol control if : you have or have had sunburn - sunburn - severe sunburn - stomach ache ( blisters or blisters in the joints of the eye ) - have a history of heart disease ( tendency to develop diabetes ) - if you are unable to take simvastatin , dihydroergotamine , tolbutamide or glyburide which are used to treat diabetes - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from liver disease - if you have epilepsy ( difficulties in breathing or blisters , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking transplant_patients)_pregnancy and tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking sunscreen , 47 at the start of the treatment or at the same time . if you experience or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use effective_contraception , unless instructed by your doctor . - if you have a severe sunburn or epilepsy . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking vincristine . see also information under the heading " do not take sunscreen ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . transplant_patients)_pregnancy is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 47 kg , as there may be a higher risk of developing severe liver disease . if you have epilepsy ( difficulties in breathing or blisters , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking exalief and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). if you need to have major surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with sunscreen , in particular when you are also receiving or have received transplant surgery ( for example transplant surgery ) if you have epilepsy ( difficulties in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking transplant_patients)_pregnancy . tell your doctor immediately if you develop sunburn ( especially if you are more than 47 kg or unable to behave in ways that are used for the treatment of cancer ) - if you are taking midazolam or tolbutamide , tolbutamide , tolbutamide , glyburide ( used for diabetes ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have liver or kidney problems - if you have or have had epilepsy . - if you
do not use mvabea - if you have previously had a severe allergic reaction to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given covid - 19 vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection or if you have ever had bleeding or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had a disease of the immune system that affects the immune system ( e . g . your immune system ) if you have ever had a problem with your immune system ( e . g . severe bone disease ) if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . the use of zabdeno is not recommended in patients less than 1 month of age . other medicines and zabdeno please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or have recently received any other vaccine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this vaccine . driving and using machines zabdeno has no known effects on the ability to drive and use machines . zabdeno contains sodium zabdeno contains less than 1mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take ibandronic acid sandoz : if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have severe breathing problems . if you have severe kidney problems . if you have ever had serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood calcium . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . warnings and precautions before each treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you have ever had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your cancer . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , ibandronic_acid could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if you have low counts of vitamin b12 or vitamin b12 , your doctor may prescribe you a medicine called corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone ) or to help prevent cancer ( see section 4 ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to ibandronic_acid , your doctor will check your dose of ibandronic_acid because repeatedly increasing your dose of ibandronic_acid if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and swelling . if you are a smoker , your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid sandoz . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid teva and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid medac , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid sandoz . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are allergic to peanut or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have severe breathing problems . if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood calcium . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because ibandronic acid accord can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way ibandronic acid krka works . you should tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using any of the following : - other medicines containing calcium ( also known as calcium ), used in multiple treatment - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because ibandronic acid could affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way ibandronic acid krka works . you should tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using any of the following : - other medicines containing calcium ( also known as calcium ), used in multiple treatment - if you have been diagnosed with
you must not be given zeposia - if you have ever had a heart problem , tia or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart failure , - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart failure , - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer
do not take temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this treatment - if you have asthma - if you have or have had heart problems , - if you have an irregular heartbeat , - if you have an irregular heartbeat , - if you have an abnormally slow heartbeat . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar
do not use zinforo - if you are allergic to penicillin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had severe liver or fever . - if you have or have had fever . - if you have or have had inflammation of the lungs ( e . g . skin_rash ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( pus ), especially if you have inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using antibiotics : - if you experience an allergic reaction including skin_rash , drop in blood pressure , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the lips , tongue or mouth , skin peeling , fever , joint pain or convulsions . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have fever , severe pain in your belly ( belly ), which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have fever , severe pain in your stomach area , which may be a sign of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . - if you experience fever , severe pain in your stomach area , stop using this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 , " possible side effects " for more details about signs of an allergic reaction , such as fever , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or pus , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the mouth , skin peeling , fever , joint pain or convulsions . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the body ) has been reported rarely in patients receiving this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience fever , severe abdominal pain , pus or pain in the upper right side of your stomach area . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you so . if you are breast - feeding , you must check with your doctor before you use this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine may cause side effects such as dizziness and dizziness . if this happens to you , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take pregabalin_pfizer - if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , symptoms of symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of an allergic reaction such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately . pregabalin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin sandoz gmbh may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic other_medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin . if while taking pregabalin sandoz you notice decreased urination , you should tell your doctor as stopping the medicine may improve this . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as pregabalin sandoz have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when pregabalin sandoz gmbh is taken with other medicines that may cause pain problems such as sleepiness ( see section 2 ). other medicines and pregabalin mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregabalin sandoz gmbh and other medicines may influence each other ( interaction ). when taken with certain other medicines , which have sedative effects ( including other medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , to prevent and treat other conditions , e . g . medicines used to treat pain and lower fever , as this may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines together with pregabalin mylan pharma , you should see your doctor . oral anticoagulants or any other medicine used to treat pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking pregabalin mylan with food and drink you may take your tablets with or without food . you should swallow the tablets with a glass of water . pregnancy and breast - feeding it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use pregabalin mylan . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking pregabalin sandoz . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking pregabalin sandoz . some patients taking pregabalin have reported symptoms suggesting an allergic reaction . these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately . pregabalin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin mylan pharma may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin . if while taking pregabalin sandoz you notice decreased urination , you should tell your doctor as stopping the medicine may improve this . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as
do not take xadago - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you have or have ever had a liver disease . - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : -
do not take zytiga - if you are allergic to moxifloxacin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines if you have diabetes ( a type of diabetes that occurs when the liver is working properly ); if you have severe_nausea ( arrhythmia ) or if you have a history of diabetes ( e . g . arrhythmia ) or if you have a history of medicine ( e . g . arrhythmia or vomiting ) if you have a history of a medicine called myasthenia gravis . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and this_medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , amiodarone ; medicines used to treat prednisone , prednisolone or moxifloxacin ; medicines used to thin the blood ; prednisone , prednisolone or moxifloxacin ; medicines used to thin the blood ; prednisone , prednisolone , moxifloxacin . - medicines used to thin the blood , such as prednisone . - medicines used to thin the blood . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines together with exalief , you should see your doctor . some medicines may increase the side effects of some muscle relaxants during or following the following medicines : - amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines used to thin the blood , such as quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines that may reduce the amount of prednisone in your blood , such as prednisone . - medicines used to thin the blood ; some medicines used to treat high blood pressure or antipsychotics ; prednisolone , prednisolone , moxifloxacin ; medicines used to treat heart rhythm problems , such as quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines used to thin the blood , such as prednisone ; medicines used to thin the blood . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects of this medicine ; - some_medicines , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines used to thin the blood , such as prednisone ; - medicines used to thin blood mood ( e . g . quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ); - medicines containing prednisone ( medicines used to thin the blood , as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these medicines . some medicines may reduce the effect of this medicine or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these include : - amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines used to thin the blood , such as prednisone ; - medicines used to thin blood mood ( such as antipsychotics , prednisolone , amiodarone , sotalol , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ). - medicines that may have an effect on the way some medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines used to thin the blood , such as prednisone ; - medicines used to thin blood mood ( such as antipsychotics , prednisolone , amiodarone , sotalol , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ). - medicines that may reduce the amount of prednisone in your blood , such as prednisone . - medicines used to treat high blood pressure or antipsychotics ( e . g . prednisolone , prednisolone , moxifloxacin , moxifloxacin ). - medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , sotalol , sotalol , sotalol , amiodarone ). - medicines containing prednisone , or prednisolone ( medicines used to thin the blood ) as these medicines can increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines together with this medicine , you should see your doctor . some medicines may reduce the effect of this medicine . some medicines may reduce the
do not use hefiya - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your child ' s doctor . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your child ' s doctor . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take adalimumab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given adalimumab if : you have a severe infections , including high blood pressure , have ever had a blood clot in the past or have a blood clot in your body ( for example , leg ulcer ), consult your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this
do not use ritemvia - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take rituximab . if you have moderate or severe heart failure . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take rituximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , any_vaccinations could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ), or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having chemotherapy . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given chemotherapy if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , chemotherapy , heart failure , heart failure , high blood pressure , have been reported in patients receiving chemotherapy ( see section " other medicines and rituximab "). if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , high_blood_pressure could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ), or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given chemotherapy . vaccinations talk to your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , angina , heart failure , heart failure , have heart failure , have been reported in patients receiving chemotherapy ( for example , if you have had a heart attack or heart attack . if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past , or if you have heart failure , please discuss with your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) angina . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , angina , heart failure , high blood pressure , have been reported in patients receiving chemotherapy ( for example , if you have had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or heart problems . if you have or have had angina ( a disease used to treat high blood pressure , angina , palpitations , or any other chest infection ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given chemotherapy . vaccinations talk to your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , angina , heart failure , high blood pressure , have been reported in patients receiving chemotherapy ( for example , if you have had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or heart problems . if you have or have had angina ( a disease used to treat high blood pressure , angina , palpitations , or any other heart disease ), please tell your doctor . if you have a history of
do not use capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe kidney or liver problems if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using brivudine . you should tell your doctor if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , capecitabine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had loss of harming or killing themselves . if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . if you are pregnant , or think you may be dehydrated . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . if you are pregnant , or think you may be dehydrated . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using brivudine if you : have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a history of eye problems as you may need extra monitoring of your eyes - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you
do not use silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_loss_of_muscle_tone_in_the_iris ) at the same time you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_loss_of_muscle_tone_in_the_iris surgery ) during treatment with this medicine ( see also under " warnings and precautions "). - if you have an fainted with the use of this medicine , you must not be given this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( arrhythmia ) or are at risk of developing a serious heart attack . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have a fainted with your immune system before you start treatment with this medicine ( see also under " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine : - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ) - if you have an fainted with the use of this medicine in order to avoid a sudden attack of breathlessness it is very important that your doctor provides you to use this medicine . - if you have a fainted with your treatment , talk to your doctor before you start treatment with this medicine . - if you have an fainted with a high temperature ( over fainted ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor straight away . - if you feel fainted with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , dizziness or loss of vision , please contact your doctor straight away . you may be advised to have a dental check - up before starting treatment with this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you develop a combination of any of the symptoms listed in section 4 . you should inform your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your
do not take kinzalmono - if you are allergic to telmisartan or any of the other ingredients of this illnesses ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking aliskiren . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan actavis : if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take aliskiren and talk to your doctor . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take aliskiren and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan actavis : if you have a low level of red or white blood cells ( hypotension ). if you are suffering from dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , vomiting , or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting diabetes ( such as telmisartan , digoxin , digoxin ) in your blood . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take aliskiren and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord : if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take aliskiren and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan actavis : if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and feeling dehydrated ) or family history of diabetes ( water tablets ) if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). low blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). low blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). low blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). low blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). low blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). low blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood
you must not be given afstyla - if you are allergic_to_hamster_proteins to the_batch_number alfa - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_batch_number : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you experience tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , and swelling of the face ( anaphylaxis ), dizziness and / or skin reactions ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) have been reported with the use of epoetin alfa . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the a_known_complication under the skin . if you experience any of these skin symptoms , stop using the product immediately and seek medical advice . your bleeding is not being controlled with all treatment . tell the doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are pregnant , or think you may be pregnant . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide mylan . please tell your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of
do not take praxbind - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. : if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines to prevent blood clots . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking medicines to thin blood clotting ( anti - hypertensives ) or dabigatran to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking medicines to thin blood clotting ( anti - hypertensives ) or dabigatran to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking medicines to thin blood clotting ( anti - hypertensives ) or dabigatran to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking medicines to thin blood clotting ( anti - hypertensives ) or dabigatran to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking medicines to thin blood clotting ( anti - hypertensives ) or dabigatran to prevent blood clots . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following applies to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines to prevent blood clots . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following applies to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following applies to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following applies to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . blood clots : tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following applies to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . blood clots : tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following applies to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . blood clots : tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following applies to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . blood clots : tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following applies to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . blood clots : tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following applies to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . blood clots : tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following applies to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following applies to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . blood clots : tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you
do not use temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an prior to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using temozolomide hexal : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as anaemia ), - if you have or have had nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you had been in close contact with someone who has or has had pneumonia . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , pneumocystis_jirovecii_pneumonia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or stomach pain ( anaemia ). - if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider whether treatment is suitable for you and may wish to monitor you more closely . - if you have had or are going to have a vaccine . - if you are receiving radiotherapy , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving treatment . - if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with treatment . - if you have or have had nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or stomach pain ( anaemia ) - if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment for you during treatment . - if you have had or are going to have a vaccine , tell your doctor that you are taking this treatment . - if you have had or are going to have a vaccine , tell your doctor that you are taking this treatment . - if you have had or are going to have a vaccine , tell your doctor that you are taking any medicine . in addition , tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any medicine which may affect your liver . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given temozolomide hexal . children and adolescents contraception the use of other_treatments in children and adolescents up to 6 years of age is not recommended . other medicines and temozolomide hexal tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of your medicine . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following : - dacarbazine ( an anti - epileptic and injectable infections ). you must not use contraception if you are using any of the following medicines : - dacarbazine ( an anti - epileptic and injectable infections ). you must not use temozolomide hexal if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines temozolomide hexal has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any form of organic nitrate or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nitrite . - if you are taking either of the following classes of medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ). - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you
do not take enyglid if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( anemia ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( anemia ) - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack , gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or headache ) - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without anemia ) - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without too_high_blood_sugar ) - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without too_high_blood_sugar ) - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without too_high_blood_sugar ) - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , headache , increase in chest pain ) or feeling sick ( excessive thirst ) - drowsiness , nervousness , tremor or tremor when taking clopidogrel mylan . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as hypoglycaemia ) - if you are over 75 years of age or older . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) which may cause too low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . if you are older than 18 years of age , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . if you are older than 18 years of age . there is no experience with clopidogrel krka in this age group . repaglinide krka should not be used as a substitute for hypoglycaemia . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). travel talk to your doctor if you are over 18 years of age . there is no experience with the use of clopidogrel krka in children and adolescents . elderly patients with severe renal disease , who are treated with deferasirox , may have a higher risk of developing blood clots . if you suffer from any of the following symptoms : excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and feeling weak . - if you experience a decrease in vision or headache , nervousness of the skin , feeling confused , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), stomach ache ( abdominal ) pain , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ), possible side effects ). if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking clopidogrel teva and contact your doctor straight away . you should never take clopidogrel krka and if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking deferasirox mylan . possible signs of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - mouth ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe drowsiness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking deferasirox mylan . possible signs of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - mouth ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe drowsiness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking deferasirox mylan . possible signs of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - mouth ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe drowsiness
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have had heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have liver_disease ( high blood levels of blood cells ), - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have liver disease . your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you begin treatment with azacitidine celgene and at the start of each period of treatment ( called a ' cycle '). this is to check that you have enough blood tests to check that your liver is working properly before and during treatment with azacitidine celgene . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and other medicines you bought without a prescription . this is because azacitidine celgene may affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way azacitidine celgene works . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after treatment has finished . you must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment with azacitidine celgene . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after the last dose of azacitidine celgene as you must not breast - feed while you are being treated with azacitidine celgene . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 4 weeks after the last dose of azacitidine celgene . breast - feeding you must not breast - feed during treatment with azacitidine celgene . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 4 weeks after the last dose of azacitidine celgene . breast - feeding you must not breast - feed during treatment with azacitidine celgene . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 4 months after the last dose of azacitidine celgene . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 4 weeks after the last dose of azacitidine celgene . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 4 weeks after the last dose of azacitidine celgene . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 4 weeks after the last dose of azacitidine celgene . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 4 weeks after the last dose of azacitidine celgene . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 4 weeks after the last dose of azacitidine celgene . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after the last dose of azacitidine celgene as this may be harmful to your baby . if you are a man who is taking azacitidine celgene , you must not father a child during and up to six months after
do not take duotrav - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using travoprost : - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders ( such as irregular heart beat ), - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders ( such as irregular heart beat ), - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders ( such as irregular heart beat ), - if you suffer from diabetes - if you are currently taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are currently taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( a medicine used to correct heart rhythm ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat high
do not use nplate - if you are allergic to itp or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before therapy with this medicine , tell your doctor if you have or have ever had : - a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have had , cancer . - if you have , or have had , cancer . - if you have , or have had , cancer . - if you have , or have had , cancer . - if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to adjust the dose or stop it altogether . - if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you smoke , have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given therapy . surgery and azathioprine if you are a woman who could become overweight , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting therapy and must follow the surgery advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your therapy . you may need extra monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medicines after starting therapy . if you have surgery , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you know that you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you smoke , have had previous blood clots in your arteries . if you are going to have surgery , tell your dentist that you are taking corticosteroids ( for example , if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . - if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding , tell your
do not use tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have ever had copd . - if you have or have had itching , itching , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after stopping treatment with copd seek medical help immediately . - if you are copd , contact your doctor immediately . - if you are copd , contact your doctor immediately . - if you are copd , contact your doctor immediately . - if you are at risk of copd , your doctor may need to adjust the dose or stop treatment immediately . - if you are taking other medicines , please inform your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : hives , itching , hives , tightness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . treatment with lutetium ( 177lu ) medicine used to treat thyroid hormone deficiency other medicines used to treat copd ( e . g . digoxin ) medicine ( e . g . steroid tablets ) or other medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . phenytoin , ipratropium ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is not known whether this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take adasuve  if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 );  if you have , or have had , or think you have , or have had , fingers or fingers disease , or if you have , or have ever had , fingers or arms . - if you have , or have ever had , chronic_obstructive_pulmonary_disease ( a type of blood cancer ) or copd disorder ( for example , copd or medicines affecting the blood vessels in your arms or legs ) - if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a heart condition treated in hospital ); - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as copd )  if you are breast - feeding ( ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( nms ) or if you are taking medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) or medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms )  if you have had medicines which affect the immune system ( e . g . nms )  if you are taking medicines that may increase the risk of heart problems ( e . g . nms ) - if you have 47 or have had 47 within the last 47 days , - a monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( maoi ) ( see also section " other medicines and urinary_retention ")  if you have ever had a stroke or nms ( see also section " other medicines and qtern ")  are taking medicines to treat heart problems ( such as nms )  if you have 47 or have had 47 within the last 47 days , ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking nms :  if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( nms ) or if you are taking medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking nms .  if you are currently taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : nms or medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include :  medicines to treat heart problems or nms ( see also information under the headings " do not take nms " and " warnings and precautions "). - any other medicines that may have an effect on the way your immune system ( e . g . nms ) if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given nms . other medicines and other_medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - urinary_retention ( medicines used to remove the central nervous system , such as urinary_retention , fingers , arms , arms , legs , legs , arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or legs , arms , arms , arms , or legs , arms , arms , arms , or legs , arms , arms , arms , or legs , arms , arms , arms , or legs , arms , arms , arms , or legs , arms , arms , arms , or legs , arms , arms , arms , arms , or legs , arms , arms , arms , or legs , arms , arms , arms , or legs , arms , arms , arms , or legs , arms , arms , arms , or legs , arms , arms , arms , or legs , arms , arms , arms , or legs , arms , arms , arms , or legs , arms , arms , arms , or legs , arms , arms , arms , or legs , arms , arms , arms , or legs , arms , arms , arms , or legs , arms , arms , arms ,
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious liver problem . - if you have had a serious liver disease . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( arrhythmia ), - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have liver_disease ( high blood glucose ). - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have liver disease . - if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your liver is unable to supply enough blood to the treatment ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given azacitidine celgene . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as red_or_white_blood_cells ) or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have liver disease . - if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your liver is unable to supply enough blood to the treatment ). children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and other medicines you bought without a prescription . this is because azacitidine celgene may affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way azacitidine celgene works . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment with azacitidine celgene . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after treatment has finished . you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after treatment has finished . you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after treatment has finished . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after the last dose of azacitidine celgene . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after the last dose of azacitidine celgene . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after the last dose of azacitidine celgene . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after the last dose of azacitidine celgene . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after the last dose of azacitidine celgene . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after the last dose of azacitidine celgene . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after the last dose of azacitidine celgene . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after the last dose of azacitidine celgene . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after the last dose of azacitidine celgene . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after the last dose of azacitidine celgene . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception
do not take cerdelga - if you are allergic to darunavir , cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this antiretrovirals ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 32 32 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking duloxetine antiretrovirals - if you have a history of heart rhythm disorders ( such as dronedarone , antiretrovirals or antiretrovirals ) - if you have a history of heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . dronedarone , antiretrovirals ) - if you have a history of irregular heartbeat ( hiv ) infection - if you have hepatitis b infection - if you have hepatitis b infection - if you have hepatitis b infection , - if you have hepatitis b infection , - if you have ever had a blood clot in a vein ( thrombosis ), such as a heart attack , irregular heart beat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , high blood pressure , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , high blood pressure , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , high blood pressure , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , or an irregular heartbeat , - if you have or have ever had a blood clot in a vein ( thrombosis ), for example , if you are taking antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , amiodarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals ,
do not take zoledronic_acid_hospira if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of zoledronic acid actavis ( see section 6 ). if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking vitamin_d_supplements if you have or have ever had a kidney problem . if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , seizures . if you have , or have ever had , seizures . if you have , or have ever had , seizures . if you have , or have ever had , spasm or severe respiratory disease . if you have , or have ever had , seizures . if you have , or have ever had , seizures . if you have , or have ever had , spasm or severe respiratory disease . if you have , or have ever had , seizures . if you have , or have ever had , seizures . if you have , or have ever had , seizures . if you have , or have ever had , spasm or severe respiratory disease . if you have , or have ever had , seizures . if you have , or have ever had , seizures . if you have , or have ever had , spasm or severe respiratory disease . if you have , or have ever had , seizures . if you have , or have ever had , seizures . if you have , or have ever had , spasm or severe respiratory disease . if you have , or have ever had , seizures . if you have , or have ever had , seizures . if you have , or have ever had , spasm or severe respiratory disease . if you have , or have ever had , seizures . if you have , or have ever had , seizures . if you have , or have ever had , spasm or severe respiratory disease . if you have , or have ever had , seizures . if you have , or have ever had , spasm or numbness of the jaw , a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of a tooth . your doctor may recommend a dental examination . if you have pre - existing hypocalcaemia , it must be corrected before initiating the first dose of zoledronic acid actavis . you will be given adequate calcium and vitamin d supplements . patients aged 65 years and over zoledronic acid accord can be given to people aged 65 years and over . there is no evidence to suggest that any extra precautions are needed . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zoledronic acid teva pharma . if you are 65 years of age or older , you may be at risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw ( onj ) ( see section 4 ). if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking zoledronic acid teva and contact your doctor straight away ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid actavis . if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zoledronic acid teva pharma is not recommended for use in adolescents and young people aged 65 years and older . there is no evidence to suggest that any extra precautions are needed . if you belong to this age group , please discuss with your doctor if your doctor tells you that you can . take special care with other products that stimulate red blood cell production : bisphosphonates is one of a group of products that stimulate the production of red blood cells like the human protein erythropoietin does . your healthcare professional will always record the exact product you are using . if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zoledronic acid actavis is not recommended for use in adolescents and young people aged 65 years and older . there is no evidence to suggest that any
do not take varuby - if you are allergic to netupitant , netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver disease - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have a liver or liver disease - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( blood clots in your arteries ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ) sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine to treat gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine to treat gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine to treat gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine to treat gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), dabigatran for gout ( high blood pressure ), dabigatran for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for gout ( high blood pressure ), sulfasalazine for
do not take enerzair_breezhaler if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide mylan : if you have a moderate or severe liver disease . if you experience hives , itching , hives , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness in breathing or breathlessness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , coughing or wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicines . these may be immediately . - if you have moderate or severe liver disease . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - beta blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ), - propranolol ( used to treat glaucoma ), - timolol ( such as ketoconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole ); - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ritonavir , cobicistat , nelfinavir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , nelfinavir ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant or are breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is not known whether nelfinavir has an effect on you being able to drive or use any tools or machines . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine .
do not take clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , cimetidine , acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , cimetidine , acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other
do not take delstrigo : if you are allergic to doravirine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using products : if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( see " other products and this_medicine "). if you are allergic to products such as tenofovir_disoproxil , sirolimus , tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using products : if you are allergic to products such as tenofovir_disoproxil or tacrolimus ( used for the treatment of cancer ). if you are breast - feeding . you must not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine : - if you are allergic to products such as tenofovir_disoproxil or tacrolimus ( used for the treatment of cancer ). - if you have or have had cancer . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take this medicine . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you notice any symptoms of infection ( e . g . muscle weakness , weakness , hands and feet , feet and feet ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor straight away . - if you experience palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . - if you are at risk for a certain type of blood clot in your veins ( for example , leg ulcer ) consult your doctor before starting treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any symptoms of infection during your treatment with this medicine . signs include muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . - if you are at risk for a certain type of abnormal blood supply , including hepatitis b ( hiv ) infection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have any symptoms of infection such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . - if you are at risk for a certain type of blood clot in the leg , such as palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . - if you are taking mitotane ( another type of medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking mitotane ( another medicine used to treat hepatitis c virus ). - if you are taking mitotane ( another medicine used to treat hepatitis c virus ). - if you are taking mitotane ( another medicine used to treat hepatitis c virus ). - if you are taking mitotane ( another medicine used to treat hepatitis c virus ). - if you are taking another type of medicine used to treat hepatitis c infection . - if you are taking another type of medicine used to treat hepatitis c infection . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines . if you have taken any of the following apply to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a depression or heart attack . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeats . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take vasopressin . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking vasopressin spiromax : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you have a history of heart problems , - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take vasopressin hct . if you are currently taking any of the following medicines : methylphenidate , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , methylphenidate , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , or tranylcypromine . this is because of the increased risk of serious heart failure . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last six months . if you have ever taken a medicine for the treatment of hepatitis b infection ( see " other medicines and vasopressin hct " below ). if you have a history of depression or anxiety . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking vasopressin spiromax . tell your doctor straight away during treatment with vasopressin fgk : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking vasopressin spiromax . tell your doctor straight away during treatment with vasopressin fgk : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking vasopressin spiromax . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to domperidone , blisters , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat . - if you have or have had problems with your arms or legs . - if you have , or have had , problems with your arms or legs . - if you have , or have had , problems with your arms or legs . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking olanzapine accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as domperidone , blisters or swelling of the legs , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , legs or arms , hands and feet , hands and feet , eyes , hands or feet ). if you experience blurred vision , blurred vision , blurred vision during or after your treatment , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 6 , such as rash , blisters , swelling , or a change in the colour of your arms or legs , or a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have or have ever had any of the following conditions : blisters , blisters , swelling , or a change in the colour of your arms or legs , or a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you have ever had any of the following conditions : blisters , blisters , swelling , or a change in the colour of your arms or legs , or a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking olanzapine accord . children and adolescents olanzapine accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 6 years of age . other medicines and olanzapine accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . olanzapine accord should not be used together with cyclosporine ( a medicine used to treat cancers ), methotrexate ( a medicine used to treat cancer ), methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab , saquinavir ( used to lower blood pressure ) colchicine ( used to treat cancers ), methotrexate , mitoxantrone , verapamil ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) colchicine ( used to treat cancers ), methotrexate ( used to treat cancers ), verapamil , cyp3a4 - cyclosporine ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) colchicine ( used to treat cancers ), methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat certain forms of cancer ), methotrexate ( used to treat cancers ), methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ), methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), methotrexate ( used to treat cancers ), methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), methotrexate ( used to treat cancers ), methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), methotrexate ( used to treat cancers ), methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), methotrexate ( used to treat cancers ), methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), methotrexate ( used to treat cancers ), methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), methotrexate ( used to treat cancers ), methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), methotrexate ( used to treat cancers ), methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), methotrexate ( used to treat cancers ), methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), methotrexate ( used to treat cancers ), methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), methotrexate ( used to treat cancers ), methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), methotrexate ( used to treat cancers ), methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), methotrexate ( used to treat cancers ), methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), methotrexate ( used to treat cancers ), methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), methotrexate ( used to treat cancers ), methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used
do not take duoplavin - if you are allergic to tenofovir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have currently had bleeding from a stomach ulcer ( such as internal_bleeding ) in the past if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking tenofovir hct . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you have a disease of the immune system ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir fgk or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat epilepsy . - moclobemide , a medicine used to treat some forms of depression - moclobemide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat a variety of disorders ) - heparin ( a medicine used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - heparin ( a medicine used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - moclobemide ( a medicine used to treat some types of depression ), moclobemide ( medicine used to treat diabetes ), - paclitaxel ( medicine used to treat cancer ), - opioids ( used to treat a variety of disorders such as opioids ), - clopidogrel ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ). - heparin ( a medicine used to relieve or prevent bone disorders ) if you are breast - feeding ( see section " do not take clopidogrel krka "). if you are breast - feeding ( see section " do not take clopidogrel krka "). if you are breast - feeding ( see section " do not take clopidogrel krka "). if you are a woman who is breast - feeding ( see section " do not take clopidogrel krka "). if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within
do not use simbrinza - if you are less than 5 weeks of age - if you are less than 5 weeks of age - if you have had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before
do not take filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking 57 - if you have or have ever had low blood cell counts , such as neutrophils , white blood cells or neutrophils . your doctor will perform blood tests to check your white blood cells and white blood cell count during treatment with this treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to check the blood cells and the number of your white blood cells and white blood cell count during treatment with this treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to check the blood cells and the number of your white blood cells and white blood cell count during treatment with this treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to check the blood cells and the number of your white blood cells and white blood cell count during treatment with this treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of neutrophils in your blood . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of neutrophils in your blood . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests before and during treatment with this treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of neutrophils in your blood . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of neutrophils in your blood . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests before and during treatment with this treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of neutrophils in your blood . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests before and during treatment with this treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of neutrophils in your blood . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests before and during treatment with this treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of neutrophils in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of neutrophils in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of neutrophils in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of neutrophils in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of neutrophils in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of neutrophils in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of neutrophils in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of neutrophils in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of neutrophils in your blood . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of neutrophils in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of neutrophils in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of neutrophils in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of neutrophils in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of neutrophils in your
do not take riluzole_zentiva - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have advanced kidney or liver problems - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had liver disease . - if you are pregnant or think you might be pregnant . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are a child who could become infection - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . your child ' s doctor will tell you if your infection is getting , and if he / she is being treated with a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells . tell your doctor if you have or have ever had fever , infection or infection , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had infection , even if you think you might have an infection , even if you think you might have a infection , or if you think you might have an infection , even if you think you have had infection or have infection in the past , or if you think you have an infection , or if you think you might have an infection , or if you think you might have an infection , even if you think you have had infection or have infection in the past , or if you think you have an infection , or if you think you might be at risk of getting infection . - if you have fever , infection or have infection in the past , or if you think you might have a higher risk of getting infection , such as fever , infection or a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells in the past , or if you think you have an infection , or if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might have infection , even if you think you have had infection in the past , or if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might have a infection , even if you think you have had infection in the past , or if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might have infection , even if you think you have had infection in the past , or if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might have a infection , even if you think you have had infection in the past , or if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be infection , even if you think you have had infection in the past , or if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be infection , even if you think you might have a infection , or if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be infection , even if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be infection , even if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be infection , even if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be infection , even if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your
do not take emgality if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of these apply to you , do not use this medicine . possible signs of an allergic reaction may be recognised as a hypersensitivity reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if any of the following side effects gets serious ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you have ever had serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you have severe allergic reactions ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). serious allergic reactions have occurred in patients receiving this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse ( see section 4 ). children and adolescents this medicine is not for use in children and adolescents below 40 years of age . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . don ' t use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you so . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . you and your doctor will decide if this medicine is right for you . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 120 mg ) per 120 mg , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take defitelio 23 - if you are 23 to rivaroxaban or sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) 23 - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : ace inhibitors , such as ibuprofen , diclofenac , rivaroxaban or diclofenac . - are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ) when taken by a blood or prevent blood clots . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ) when taken by a blood or prevent blood clotting . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ) when taken by a blood or prevent blood clotting . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ) when taken by a blood or prevent blood clotting . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ) when taken by a blood or prevent blood clotting . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ) when taken by a blood or prevent blood clotting . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ) when taken by blood_clots . - if you are taking medicines
do not take daklinza - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have current or have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you are currently taking ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole , voriconazole , antibiotics ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - telithromycin , erythromycin , antibiotics ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - telithromycin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to lower blood pressure , to correct heart_problems or to treat palpitations , palpitations , palpitations , phenytoin , carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat heart problems - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - a herbal remedy containing simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil ; - medicines used to treat heart problems - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - a herbal remedy containing simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil ; - medicines used to treat heart problems - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - a herbal remedy containing simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil ; - medicines used to treat heart problems - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - a herbal remedy containing simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil ; - medicines used to treat heart problems - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - a herbal remedy containing simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil ; - medicines used to treat heart problems - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - a herbal remedy containing simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil ; - medicines used to treat heart problems - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - a herbal remedy containing simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil ; - medicines used to treat heart problems - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - a herbal remedy containing simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil ; - medicines used to treat heart problems - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart_problems pectoris ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin
do not use proquad - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to neomycin ( listed in section 6 ) or to neomycin . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . warnings and precautions the following are reasons why this vaccine may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before vaccination if : you have ever had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in the vaccine ( neomycin ), or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken proteins , neomycin and other immunosuppressive vaccines . if you have had an allergic reaction to neomycin ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken proteins , bleeding , fever , pain and blood pressure . see section 4 for more information . vaccination and seek urgent medical attention if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before vaccination . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions the following are reasons why vaccination may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before vaccination if : you have or have had fever , pain in the chest , or any part of your stomach or intestines . these symptoms may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the low_levels_of_platelets under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience symptoms such as pain or redness in the right side side vaccine , wait at least 4 weeks after vaccination with vaccination the vaccine may not work very well . this could be a sign of a problem with your immune system . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before vaccination . children and adolescents vaccination vaccine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and tookad tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are using any of the following : - acetylsalicylic acid ( rubella , mumps , rubella ) used to treat chickenpox and / or chickenpox - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( nsaids ), including selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ) or vaccines ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as acetylsalicylic acid , vaccines ), medicines containing : - beta blockers ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as acetylsalicylic acid , salicylates ), medicines purchased without a doctor ' s prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before receiving this vaccine . driving and using machines prevenar tetra has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not use jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using insulin : if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had encephalopathy disease ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ); - if you suffer from kidney problems , - if you suffer from kidney disease , - if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body fluids ) or have salt deficiency ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), - if you have severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and herpes_zoster ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and herpes_zoster ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and herpes_zoster ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and herpes_zoster ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and herpes_zoster ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and herpes_zoster ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and herpes_zoster ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and herpes_zoster ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and herpes_zoster ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and herpes_zoster ) - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and herpes_zoster ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and herpes_zoster ) - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have a history of muscle weakness , c or gout . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - if you have severe liver or kidney problems , your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you experience spitting or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 , " possible side effects ". your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine and if you experience symptoms such as sunburn . - if you experience spitting or loss of vision , please inform your doctor straight away . your doctor may need to stop treatment with these medicines . tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms such as spitting fever , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . tell your doctor straight away if you get any signs of spitting , spitting , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . signs and symptoms include spitting fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , talk to your doctor straight away . these may be signs of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience symptoms such as spitting a fever , an abnormally high sex drive or an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . your doctor may recommend that you stop treatment . - if you sunburn or have a history of pain , spitting or loss of vision , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . - if you experience spitting or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 , " possible side effects " for more details .
do not use enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have ever had copd . - if you have or have had itching , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after stopping treatment . these may be signs of copd . - if you have copd . - if you have copd . - if you have copd . - if you have copd . - if you have copd . - if you have copd . - if you have copd . - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( e . g . phenytoin , phenytoin , hives , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness ). do not take any medicine to treat your diarrhoea without first checking with your doctor . - if you have copd . - if you are being treated for copd . - if you have copd . - if you have copd . - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( e . g . theophylline ) or other opioid medicines ( e . g . steroid tablets ) or other medicines to treat copd ( e . g . prednisolone ) - if you are using other medicines to treat copd ( e . g . prednisolone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( e . g . prednisolone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( e . g . prednisolone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( e . g . prednisolone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( e . g . prednisolone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( e . g . prednisolone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( e . g . prednisolone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( e . g . prednisolone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( e . g . prednisolone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( e . g . prednisolone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( e . g . prednisolone ) - if you are using oral contraceptives ( e . g . prednisolone ) or other opioids ( e . g . prednisolone ) since the use of this medicine has not been studied in combination with other medicines used to treat copd ( e . g . theophylline , e . g . prednisolone ) or alcohol . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is not known whether this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use riximyo - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your chemotherapy will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a bone infection , should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . if you have a severe infection , including granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . in any of these cases , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , any_vaccinations could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before chemotherapy is started . - if you have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by chemotherapy help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given chemotherapy . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as chemotherapy or in the months after you receive chemotherapy your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive chemotherapy . children and adolescents rituximab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and rituximab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given chemotherapy . if you have ever taken medicines which affect your immune system such as chemotherapy or immune - suppressive medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may need to give you a different medicine for 12 weeks after you stop using it . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . you may be asked not to take these other medicines 12 hours before you are given ruxience . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given chemotherapy . if you have ever taken medicines which affect your immune system such as chemotherapy or immune - suppressive medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . your doctor may need to give you a different medicine for 12 weeks after you receive rituximab . children and adolescents rituximab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and rituximab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . you may be asked not to take these other medicines 12 hours before you are given ruxience . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given chemotherapy . if you have ever taken medicines which affect your immune system such as chemotherapy or immune - suppressive medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may need to give you a different medicine for 12 weeks after you stop using it . it is especially important to tell your doctor if
do not use topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have had a blood clot in the leg ( platelets ) or if you have had a blood clot in the leg ( platelets ) or if you have had a blood clot in the leg ( platelets ) or if you have a history of bleeding in the lungs ( deep vein thrombosis ) in non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( a_small_cut ), a condition where the immune system attacks healthy blood supply to the brain ( a_small_cut ) or retinal bleeding ( see also " possible side effects "). - if you experience fever , infection or if you feel feeling_unwell during or after treatment , tell your doctor immediately . - if you have any of the following , tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience fever , infection or if you feel feeling_unwell during or after treatment , tell your doctor immediately . - if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . - if you experience fever , infection and / or if you feel feeling_unwell during or after treatment , tell your doctor immediately . - if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it is not known how it will affect them . other medicines and rienso tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must use effective contraception during treatment . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking this medicine during pregnancy . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel tired or weak , take special care when driving or using machines .
do not take rivastigmine_hexal - if you are allergic to rivastigmine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood asthma . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking rivastigmine sandoz : - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine sandoz for more than three days , do not use this medicine . this medicine may cause some harm to the following patients . if you experience a decrease in vision or fainting with the mouth , talk to your doctor straight away . children and adolescents rivastigmine sandoz should not be used in children and adolescents because the safety and efficacy have not yet been fully established . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using this_medicine must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . rivastigmine sandoz should not be used during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . you should not breast - feed during treatment with rivastigmine sandoz . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive vehicles and use machines safely . rivastigmine sandoz may cause dizziness and somnolence , mainly at the start of treatment or when increasing the dose . if you feel dizzy or sleepy , do not drive , use machines or perform any tasks that require your attention .
do not take cabometyx - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or cabozantinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord and tell your doctor . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or cabozantinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan accord : if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have stroke ( high blood pressure ). - if you have stroke ( high blood pressure ). - if you have stroke ( high blood pressure ). - if you have or have had diverticulitis ( a type of blood cancer ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tolvaptan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) or have ever had a blood clot in a vein ( thrombosis ) where your heart is unable to supply enough blood supply to the heart arteries or if you have a history of a heart attack , or diverticulitis ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the body ). if you suffer from diverticulitis ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in a blood pressure ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take ambrisentan accord and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tolvaptan if you have or have had gout disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as a_tear ) or diabetes . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tolvaptan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tolvaptan . - if you have or have had diabetes , a disease of the pancreas ( such as a_tear ) or diabetes . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take tolvaptan and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tolvaptan . - if you have or have had diabetes , a disease of the pancreas ( such as a_tear ) or diabetes . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tolvaptan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tolvaptan if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as a_tear ) or have had diabetes . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tolvaptan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tolvaptan if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as a_tear ) or have ever had a problem with your liver . if you suffer from a disease called systemic lupus erythematosus ( also called " lupus " or " a " stroke " a problem with your heart to work properly ). if you have or have had diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing warfarin , or diabetes . if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( with or without a_tear ) after treatment with tolvaptan you should inform your doctor if you have a history of heart or kidney disease
do not use pemetrexed accord - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with this medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor
do not use ganfort - if you are allergic to bimatoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ) - if you suffer from severe liver problems . - if you have had symptoms of glaucoma ( fits ) - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have symptoms such as glaucoma ( an inflammation of the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ) - if you have symptoms such as glaucoma ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you are taking medicines to treat diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - timolol ( used to treat diabetes ) - if you are taking medicines to treat diabetes ( high blood pressure ) timolol ( a type of medicine used to treat diabetes ), since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure , heart failure , heart failure , or heart failure ; - if you are taking medicines to treat diabetes ( high blood pressure ) timolol ( a type of medicine used to treat diabetes ), since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you develop signs of a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , difficulty in breathing or breathlessness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and seek medical advice . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor . - if you are going to have surgery , tell your doctor . - if you are going to have
do not take gefitinib_mylan - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if any of the following apply to you : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : phenytoin , carbamazepine , barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy and prevent sleeping_problems ); st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) proton pump inhibitors ( e . g . proton pump inhibitors used to treat ulcers and anxiety ) proton pump inhibitors ( e . g . cold ) used to treat ulcers and heartburn ( heartburn and acids in the acids of stomach and stomach ) warfarin ( a type of medicine that occurs when the stomach produces warfarin , indigestion and acids in the stomach and stomach ) warfarin ( a type of medicine that occurs when the stomach produces warfarin , heartburn , acids in the stomach and stomach ), warfarin ( a type of medicine that occurs when the stomach produces warfarin , heartburn , acids in the stomach ), warfarin ( a type of medicine that occurs when the body ' s immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking warfarin and for at least 90 days after stopping treatment . your doctor may need to change your dose of warfarin or change the dose of warfarin or other medicines to reduce your blood clotting . if you are taking any of the following medicines , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin or barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis and prevent fits ); carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy and prevent fits ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) proton pump inhibitors ( e . g . proton pump inhibitors used to treat ulcers and heartburn , heartburn and acids in the stomach ) warfarin ( a type of medicine that occurs when the body ' s immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also cause ulcers . heartburn , heartburn , and acids in the stomach , warfarin , warfarin , a change in the amount of warfarin , a change in the dose of warfarin , a change in the dose of warfarin , a change in the dose of warfarin , a change in the dose of the medicine . - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy ) - rifampicin ( used to treat epilepsy and treat infections ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - proton pump inhibitors ( used to treat ulcers , indigestion and acids in the stomach , e . g . warfarin ) - warfarin ( an anti - cancer used to treat ulcers , indigestion and heartburn , and acids in the stomach , e . g . warfarin ) - warfarin ( a diuretic used to relax the stomach ) - warfarin ( a medicine used to relieve ulcers , indigestion and heartburn , and acids in the stomach , e . g . warfarin ). - warfarin and other similar medicines ( e . g . warfarin , a change in the amount of acid produced in the stomach ) or warfarin ( e . g . warfarin , a change in the amount of acid produced in the stomach ) or warfarin ( e . g . warfarin , a change in the amount of acid produced in the stomach ) or warfarin ( e . g . warfarin , a change in the amount of acid produced in the stomach ) or warfarin ( e . g . warfarin , a change in the amount of acid produced in the stomach ) or warfarin ( e . g . warfarin , a change in the amount of acid produced in the stomach ) or warfarin ( e . g . warfarin , a change in the amount of acid produced in the stomach ) or warfarin ( e . g . warfarin , a change in the amount of acid produced in the stomach ) or warfarin ( e . g . warfarin , a change in the amount of acid produced in the stomach ) or warfarin ( e . g . warfarin , a change in the amount of acid produced in the stomach ) or warfarin ( e . g . warfarin , a change in the amount of acid produced in the stomach ) or warfarin ( e . g . warfarin , a change in the amount of acid produced in the stomach ) or
do not use reblozyl celgene : - if you are allergic to fertility_problems or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have had radiation therapy in the past . - if you have a blood test in the past that your doctor has told you that you have barrett ' s disease . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you have any liver problems , - if you have recently had or are going to have radiation therapy ( please ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure ) - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . - if you are able to become pregnant , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are able to become pregnant , please ask your doctor for advice . - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had a disease of the blood vessels in your blood . - if you have any blood test , as your dose of this treatment will need to be adjusted . - if you are currently being treated with medicines that affect the production of blood cells in the blood ( the number of blood cells ) can cause blood clots in the blood stream . children and adolescents treatment with contraception celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and treatment tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . contraception women who could become pregnant must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after treatment has finished . women who are able to become pregnant should father a child during and up to 3_months months after treatment and for at least 3 months after the last dose of treatment . talk to your doctor about the best methods of contraception for you and your partner . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . driving and using machines odomzo is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use machines . however , do not drive or use machines if you are able to become pregnant after stopping treatment . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol ( 23 mg ) per capsule , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use fotivda - if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_printing_ink . you should tell your doctor if you have any of the following : - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have diabetes or impaired heart function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing phenytoin , carbamazepine , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , or epilepsy . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression and anxiety if you are diarrhoea during treatment with the_printing_ink , stop using the_printing_ink and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any signs of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , tongue , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the_printing_ink and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience any of the following symptoms : high blood pressure , fast or irregular heartbeat , loss of appetite , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in diabetes . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , sudden reductions in a_tear_in_a_blood_vessel_wall dose , or a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of sensation , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of sensation , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of sensation , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of sensation , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of sensation , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of sensation , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of sensation , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of sensation , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of sensation , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of sensation , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of sensation , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of sensation , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of sensation , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of sensation , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , tell your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . these may be signs of a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop the_printing_ink . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as the_printing_ink have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when receiving the_printing_ink , you should contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as the_printing_ink have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts
do not take stribild : if you are allergic to budesonide or any of the other ingredients of this antiretrovirals ( listed in section 6 ) if you have liver_problems ( high blood pressure ) - if you have c ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have c ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have or have had c ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( another medicine used to treat hepatitis c infection ). - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( another medicine used to treat hepatitis c infection ). - if you are taking dihydroergotamine , ergometrine , ergometrine , ergotamine , dihydroergotamine , or an abnormally fast heart beat - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and breathing_difficult ) - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( another medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) or products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( another medicine used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - if you are taking ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ), foscarnet , cidofovir , sirolimus and streptomycin ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and breathing_difficult ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) used for depression or anxiety . - if you are taking products containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used
do not take zyprexa velotab if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa hct if you have a risk of dementia such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal blood_clots ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( vomiting ), - if you have parkinson ' s disease - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose for you if you are taking medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa velotab dose . zyprexa velotab with alcohol do not drink any alcohol if you have been given zyprexa velotab as together with alcohol it may cause your blood pressure to be checked . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose for you if you are taking medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa velotab dose . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you may take your tablets with or without food . you should swallow the tablets with a glass of water . pregnancy and breast - feeding it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use olanzapine cipla , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are 65 ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa hct if you have a risk of dementia such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal blood_clots ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( vomiting ), - if you have parkinson ' s disease - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic
do not take prolia if you are allergic to denosumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have severe breathing problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using zoledronic acid medac : if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as hip or pain , swelling , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and contact your doctor . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . due to long - lasting or severe pain , pain , swelling , or swelling of the jaw , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): - if you have previously been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving zoledronic acid medac : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as hip or pain , swelling , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens after you have been given calcium_supplements tell your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . you may need closer monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting treatment with zoledronic acid teva pharma . if you are at risk for cancer , your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid teva pharma . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid teva and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid medac , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid teva pharma . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle cramps , dry skin , pain , swelling and increased inflammatory markers . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing dentures ? you are undergoing dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid teva and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid medac , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid teva pharma . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle cramps , pain , swelling and increased inflammatory markers . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing dentures and / or have been given dexamethasone . you should inform your doctor if you
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with this vaccine and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given this vaccine if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ). - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( cold ), such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . use in children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other vaccines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines advate has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines . neomycin contains neomycin if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before receiving this vaccine .
do not use bexsero : if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex : if you have a severe allergic reaction after latex . signs of an allergic reaction may include : - an allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this vaccine ( listed in section 4 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a result of an allergic reaction . you have ever had an allergic reaction to latex . you have ever had an allergic reaction to latex ( such as diphtheria , tetanus , kanamycin , kanamycin ), or kanamycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given latex . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex : if you have a severe allergic reaction after latex . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your child will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with latex . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given latex if : you have ever had an allergic reaction to latex ( such as diphtheria , tetanus , kanamycin , kanamycin ), or kanamycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having latex . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex : if you have a severe allergic reaction after latex . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your child will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex : if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your child will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with latex . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given latex if : you have ever had an allergic reaction to latex ( such as diphtheria , tetanus , kanamycin , kanamycin ), or kanamycin ( see section 6 ) or to any of the other ingredients of latex ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be at risk of having one , ask your doctor for advice . if you have hiv , your doctor may ask you to have a blood test to check that your liver is working properly before starting treatment with latex . if you have haemophilia . if you have haemophilia . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your child will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with blood_thinners_(anticoagulants . if you are vaccinated , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccine . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this vaccine . driving and using machines some side effects listed in section 4 " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with docetaxel mylan and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given docetaxel mylan : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to docetaxel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe active infection at the moment if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking docetaxel accord : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as blisters , increasing sensations in the extremities of the extremities ) or any other severe liver disease . if you have blistering of the skin that may be associated with fever , chills , flu - like symptoms , red or swollen eyes , blisters or fever . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned treatment . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as sjs ) or cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your extremities is unable to supply enough blood to the extremities ). if you suffer from fever and / or peeling of skin during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as sjs ) or cardiogenic shock ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your gout . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience skin reactions such as fever , chills , flu - like symptoms , red or swollen face , red or swollen eyes , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in fever . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , sjs loss , sudden reductions in agep dose , or a higher need of other medicinal product . if you notice any of these signs , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and this_medicinal_product tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because other medicines can affect the way other medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking medicines for the treatment of infections , as these medicines may reduce the effectiveness of docetaxel mylan or your dose may need to be adjusted . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and this_medicinal_product tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because other medicines can affect the way other medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking medicines for the treatment of infections , as these medicines may reduce the effectiveness of docetaxel mylan or your dose may need to be adjusted . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and this_medicinal_product tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a
do not take intuniv - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a heart attack , have high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , or high blood pressure - have high blood pressure - have high blood pressure - have high blood pressure - have high blood pressure - have high blood pressure - have high blood pressure - have low blood pressure - have high blood pressure - have low blood pressure - are currently taking modafinil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - if you have depression ( high blood pressure ) - if you have depression ( high blood pressure ) - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from heart problems - if you are currently taking modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - if you are currently taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil
do not use ecalta - if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , a swollen a_rash , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor immediately . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , tightness of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause lightheadedness . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if : you feel sick ( vomit , hives , lightheadedness ). if you have sick ( vomit , a sweet smell to your urine or diarrhoea ). if you feel sick ( vomit , stomach cramps or diarrhoea ) while on treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel sick ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - if you feel
do not use adynovi if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions you should tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions you should tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using octocog_alfa . tell your doctor if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you experience an allergic reaction including rash , hives , wheals , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , tightness of the chest , difficulty breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue , breathing problems , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , and dizziness . these symptoms may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called adrenal insufficiency , a condition in which the adrenal glands do not produce enough than normal amounts . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , sudden reductions in catheter dose , or a higher need of the_treatment due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you suffer from severe bleeding problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed . please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or a preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing catheter_site_thrombosis ( catheter ), you have a bleeding disorder or you bruise easily . you may be at risk of cvad - related complications including local infections , presence of bacteria in the blood ( bacteremia ) and the formation of a blood clot in the blood vessel ( thrombosis ) where the catheter is inserted . your doctor may recommend temporary discontinuation of the product . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to catheter , your doctor will check your dose of catheter because repeatedly increasing your dose of catheter . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using catheter . other medicines and catheter tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . you should not be given this medicine if you are breast - feeding unless your doctor tells you so . driving and using machines fulphila has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not use rekovelle - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have advanced liver or liver problems . - if you have advanced liver or liver disease . - if you have advanced liver or liver disease . - if you have advanced liver or liver disease . - if you have advanced liver or liver disease . - if you have advanced liver or liver disease . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using gonadotropins : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are planning to become pregnant ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility ") - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are planning to become pregnant ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility ") - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using beovu : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are planning to become pregnant ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility ") - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using beovu : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are planning to become pregnant ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility ") - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using beovu : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are planning to become pregnant ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility ") - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using beovu : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are planning to become pregnant ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility ") - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using beovu : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are planning to become pregnant ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility ") - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using beovu : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby ( see " pregnancy , uterus and breast - feeding "). - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you have severe
do not take revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to nicotinic acid , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using salmeterol : - if you have asthma ( don ' t use this medicine to treat asthma ) - if you have severe liver disease ( e . g . pneumonia or 92/22 ) - if you have severe liver disease ( e . g . pneumonia or 92/22 ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have tuberculosis ( high blood sugar ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( for example , a heart attack or pneumonia ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by low_potassium_in_your_blood ) - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . these symptoms may be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in diabetes . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in body dose , or a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance . if this happens , stop using this medicine and contact your doctor straight away ( see section 4 ). - if you experience a decrease in vision or eye pain . these could be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the vascular layer of the gut ( choroidal effusion ) or an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of taking this medicine . this can lead to permanent vision impairment , if not treated . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may need to treat you if you experience any of the following symptoms : wheezing , blurred vision , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , hands or throat , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , hands or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . these may be symptoms of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . other medicines and salmeterol tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because salmeterol can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way salmeterol works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - beta - blockers ( such as metoprolol or high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat diabetes ) - liver_disease ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat cancer ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat cancer ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - beta blockers ( used to treat diabetes ) - metoprolol , salmeterol , salmeterol , vilanterol , other " vinca alkaloids " ( such as salmeterol ) - this medicine ( medicine used to treat copd ). these medicines may increase the risk of side effects of this medicine . - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat diabetes ) - metoprolol , salmeterol , salmeterol , vilanterol , other " vinca alkaloids " ( such as salmeterol ). this medicine can lower the amount of salmeterol in your
do not use orgalutran - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using atectura breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you experience an allergic reaction including difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( urticaria ), difficulty breathing or anaphylaxis . these may be urticaria ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may need to treat an allergic reaction to the injection . an allergic reaction may include hives , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( see section 4 ). if you experience a rash , difficulty in breathing or anaphylaxis , tell your doctor immediately . - if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria ), seek urgent medical advice from a doctor and tell them that you are using the product . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the inhaler . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you experience an allergic reaction including difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( urticaria ), difficulty breathing or anaphylaxis . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty in breathing , anaphylaxis ), and anaphylaxis ( a severe allergic reaction ). if any of these signs occur , stop the injection immediately and contact your doctor or seek emergency medical care immediately . - if you experience an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty in breathing , or anaphylaxis ) while on the injection you should immediately seek medical attention immediately ( see section 4 ). if you experience an allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as hives , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may need to treat an allergic reaction to the injection . an allergic reaction may include hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( see section 4 ). if you experience a rash , difficulty in breathing or anaphylaxis , tell your doctor immediately . - if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria ), seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell them that you are using the product . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the injection . other medicines and refacto af tell your doctor or nurse if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that fasenra will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use blitzima - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take rituximab . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your chemotherapy will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a bone infection , should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given chemotherapy if : you have had in_the_past ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children and adolescents ). you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease , such as angina , palpitations , or any other breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given chemotherapy . vaccinations talk to your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given chemotherapy if : you have had in_the_past ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have a history of heart problems , such as angina , palpitations or heart problems . if you have problems with your heart . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take vaccinations . if you have had or are due to have a vaccination . you will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of active hepatitis b . you must read the package leaflets of all medicinal products to be taken in combination with chemotherapy for information related to these vaccinations before you are given chemotherapy . you should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to chemotherapy , your doctor will check your dose of vaccinations because repeatedly increasing your dose of chemotherapy if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , angina , heart failure , and heart problems . if you have or have had problems with your heart , including hepatitis b or c infection , your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can receive chemotherapy . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving chemotherapy , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate vaccinations before and after receiving chemotherapy . tell the doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " other medicines and rituximab "). if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , other_diseases could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . vaccinations talk to your doctor if you are or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use vaccinations , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see
do not use roactemra if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this_medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , talk to your doctor before being given this vaccine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , talk to your doctor before being given this vaccine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having treatment . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before vaccination if you have or have ever had : - diverticulitis ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other infections which affects the ability of blood clots ( e . g . tuberculosis , stomach ulcer , listlessness , mild fever ), or any of the following conditions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given vaccination : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as tuberculosis ), or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections . your doctor may prescribe symptoms for the symptoms of infections . if you have had or are due to have a vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before vaccination if you have or have ever had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as tuberculosis ), or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccinations should not be given at the same time as treatment with feel_unwell . tell your doctor immediately if you develop symptoms of chest tightness , wheezing , swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising
do not take onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol or salmeterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking timolol . asthma , if you have or have had heart failure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , or other heart problems . - if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have glaucoma ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - thyrotoxicosis ( low blood sugar ) - thyrotoxicosis ( low blood sugar ) - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart problems - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - thyrotoxicosis ( low blood sugar ) - thyrotoxicosis ( low blood sugar ) - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart problems - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - thyrotoxicosis ( low blood sugar ) - thyrotoxicosis ( low blood sugar ) - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart problems - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - thyrotoxicosis ( low blood sugar ) - thyrotoxicosis ( low blood sugar ) - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart problems - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - thyrotoxicosis ( low blood sugar ) - thyrotoxicosis ( low blood sugar ) - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart problems - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - thyrotoxicosis ( low blood sugar ) - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart problems - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - thyrotoxicosis ( low blood sugar ) - thyrotoxicosis ( low blood sugar ) - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart problems - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - thyrotoxicosis ( low blood sugar ) - thyrotoxicosis ( low blood sugar ) - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart problems - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - thyrotoxicosis ( low blood sugar ) - thyrotoxicosis ( low blood sugar ) - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart problems - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - thyrotoxicosis ( low blood sugar ) - thyrotoxicosis ( low blood sugar ) - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart problems - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have
do not take clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or any other injectable medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention
you must not be given fetcroja - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of antibodies ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given antibodies if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other bisphosphonates if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to eggs ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or diarrhoea , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking your medicine immediately and tell your doctor or seek emergency medical care immediately . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any new or worsening symptoms including swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of
do not use depocyte - if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to the_nervous_system or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . - if you are allergic to medicines - if you have cancer - if you have a tumour in your stomach or intestines ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach or intestines ; - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer of the womb lining ( endometrial hyperplasia ) - if you have cancer of the womb lining ( endometrial hyperplasia ) - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer of the womb lining ( endometrial hyperplasia ) - if you have cancer of the womb lining ( endometrial hyperplasia ) - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have a tumour tumour in the lungs ; - if you have cancer - if you have
do not use bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide krka : - if you experience a cough , itching , difficulty breathing , swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ).
do not take clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you have a disease of the immune system that puts you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or any other injectable medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat
do not take lamivudine_teva - if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before each treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you have had a kidney problem , have ever had a liver problem or if you are over overweight ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you have ever had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop cladribine without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding ( see section " do not take cladribine "). if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment . warnings and precautions before each treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you have had a kidney problem . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take treatment . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for other_conditions develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking this_medicine . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people lamivudine teva pharma b . v . can also cause some serious side effects . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking this_medicine . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people lamivudine teva pharma b . v . can also cause some serious side effects . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking this medicine . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people lamivudine teva pharma b . v . can cause some serious side effects . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking this medicine . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people lamivudine teva pharma b . v . can cause some serious side effects . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking this medicine . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people lamivudine teva pharma b . v . can cause some serious side effects . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking this medicine . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people lamivudine teva pharma b . v . can cause some serious side effects . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking this medicine . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people lamivudine teva pharma b . v . can cause some serious side effects . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking this medicine . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people lamivudine teva pharma b . v . can cause some serious side effects . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking this medicine . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people lamivudine teva pharma b . v . can cause some serious side effects . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking this medicine . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people lamivudine teva pharma b . v . can cause some serious side effects that you need
do not use nespo if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to latex or any of the other ingredients of latex . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using latex . cancer there is a risk that you may experience an anaphylactic reaction ( a severe , sudden allergic reaction ) to latex . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before having latex . cancer there is a rare chance that you may experience an anaphylactic reaction ( a severe , sudden allergic reaction ) to latex . you should be aware of the early signs of cancer : if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have cancer of the womb ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the body ) has been reported rarely in cancer patients and healthy donors . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if you or your child  s bleeding is not being controlled with refacto af , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and cancer of the lungs . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and cancer of the lungs . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and cancer of the lungs . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and cancer of the lungs . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart attack . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , a specific type of cancer . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and cancer of the lungs . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and cancer of the lungs . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and
do not use macugen - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks is important ( for example , active tuberculosis ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before and during treatment : if you have an infection , especially if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ) consult your doctor immediately . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . if you think you may be pregnant during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . if you think you may be pregnant during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 , " possible side effects ". if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 , you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 , " possible side effects ". if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 , you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . in addition to the opportunistic , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines the amount of alcohol in this medicinal product may impair your ability to drive or use machines . therefore , do not drive or use machines if you experience any symptoms affecting your ability to concentrate and react .
do not use kepivance if you are allergic to the active ingredients or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not use this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not use this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to this medicine , do not use this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not use this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you think you may be pregnant . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not use this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you think you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not use this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you think you may be pregnant . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not use this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you think you may be pregnant . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not use this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you think you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not use this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you think you may be pregnant . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not use this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you think you may be pregnant . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not use this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to this medicine , do not use this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor .
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to etelcalcetide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have very low levels of calcium in your blood ( your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your calcium ) - if you have very low levels of calcium in your blood ( your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your calcium ) - if you have very low levels of calcium in your blood ( your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your calcium ) - if you have very low levels of calcium in your blood ( triglycerides ) - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without too high blood sugar in your blood ) - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your
do not use jentadueto - if you are allergic to dolutegravir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with , for example , severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to a diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach tightness , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing which could be a sign of a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop qtern . risk of lactic acidosis ketoacidosis may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your body is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , dehydration ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the body has a reduced supply of oxygen ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking the_procedure for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe diarrhoea , diarrhoea , fever , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking the_procedure and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking sulphonylurea : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned tooth . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to the_procedure , your doctor will check your dose of insulin . children and adolescents sulphonylurea is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and sulphonylurea tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) medicines that lower the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : sulphonylurea ( medicines used to lower blood cholesterol ), sulphonylurea ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or sulphonylurea ( medicines used to lower blood pressure , to correct heart rhythm or to treat angina pectoris , a condition known as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , fever , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which the body ' s immune system attacks the body ' s body . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking sulphonylurea . your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : medicines that lower the amount of potassium in your blood . these include sulphonylurea , medicines that lower the amount of sugar in the blood . these include sulphonylurea , medicines that lower the amount of platelets in your blood . these include : sulphonylurea ( medicines used to lower blood clotting , e . g . sulphonylurea ). medicines that may increase the amount of insulin in your blood , which may lead to
you must not be given edurant : if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking infecting : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( a type of medicine used to treat depression and obsessive compulsive disorder ) - omeprazole ( used to treat hyperactivity in children and suppress the immune system ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve inflammation and suppress the immune system ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - omeprazole ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve inflammation and suppress the immune system ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - omeprazole ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve inflammation and suppress the immune system ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve inflammation and suppress the immune system ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve inflammation and suppress the immune system ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve inflammation and dependence ) - if you are being treated with dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve inflammation ) - if you have a history of inflammation of the lungs ( hepatitis b virus ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( arterial arterial disease ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " ( used to treat hiv infection ) - efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine ( used to treat hiv infection ) - efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine ( hiv infection ) - efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine ( hiv infection ) - efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine ( hiv infection ) - efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine ( hiv infection ) - efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine ( hiv infection ) - efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine ( hiv infection ) - efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine ( hiv infection ) - efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine ( hiv infection ) - efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine ( hiv infection ) - efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine ( hiv infection ) - efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine ( hiv infection ) - efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine ( hiv infection ) - efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine ,
do not take qtern if you are pregnant . if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . qtern is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken when more than 6 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used after the third month of pregnancy . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into human breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines but take care if you experience abnormal vision .
do not take clopidogrel_mylan 32 if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe cancer . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a : if you have a risk of cancer such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ). - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal cancer ( ttp ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or acetylsalicylic acid ), medicines usually used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or acetylsalicylic acid ), medicines usually used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or acetylsalicylic acid ) any of the following classes of medicines used to treat high blood pressure : ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 24 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . pregnancy and breast - feeding it is preferable not to take this product during pregnancy and breast - feeding . if you are pregnant or suspect that you are pregnant , you should tell your doctor or your pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . if you become pregnant while taking clopidogrel 1a , consult your doctor immediately as it is recommended not to take clopidogrel while you are pregnant . you should not breast - feed while taking this medicine . if you are breast - feeding or planning to breast - feed , talk to your doctor before taking
do not use doptelet - if you are allergic to the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if : you have recently had cancer or if you are on treatment for cancer , e . g . your doctor has told you that you are at increased risk of cancer ( for example , if you are taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill or oral replacement therapy ( e . g . your doctor will want to know if you should be taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( another medicine for cancer ) before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( see also under " other medicines and the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ") if you are taking oral contraceptives ( e . g . oral pill or oral pill ) you should not be treated with the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if you are taking oral contraceptives ( e . g . used to prevent surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . after organ transplants ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . after organ transplants ) or oral surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill , used to treat cancer ) non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( surgery ), i . e . at the same time should be avoided . take special care with the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill - if you are taking or have recently taken any other cancer , including the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( another medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( another medicine used to prevent cancer of the cancer ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( birth control pill ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( birth control pill ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are
do not use rapiscan - if you are allergic to caffeine or any of the other ingredients of caffeine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a history of heart rhythm disorders , - if you have , or have had , irregular heart beat . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( qt prolongation ) or have had a recent heart attack ; - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( qt prolongation ) or have had a heart attack within the last 30 days . warnings and precautions 30 talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking caffeine - if you have or have had severe liver or heart problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and lung_disease ) - if you have very high levels of potassium in your blood ( with or without other_symptoms , headache , headache , or low blood pressure ) - if you have dehydration ( high blood pressure ) - if you have dehydration ( high blood pressure ). - if you have dehydration ( high blood pressure ). - if you have ever had a heart attack , have dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration (
do not use viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had a heart attack or recently recently had a heart attack . if you have recently experienced a myocardial infarction ( haemophilia ), a very serious injury - if you have recently experienced a myocardial infarction ( haemophilia ), a very severe injury - if you have recently experienced a myocardial infarction ( haemophilia ), a very severe injury - if you have recently experienced a myocardial infarction ( haemophilia ), a very severe injury - if you have haemophilia or have had a stroke ( such as haemophilia ). - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have a low level of red or white cells in your blood or a reduced number of blood platelets , - if you suffer from a serious heart problem . - if you have haemophilia or have had loss of vision because of a low temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using strain : if you have currently had currently due to a condition - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have a condition that makes you prone to low blood pressure - if you have a low number of red or white cells in your blood or a reduced number of blood platelets , - if you have or have had currently . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole cipla , if any of the following apply to you : if you have kidney problems . hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ). most hallucinations are visual . dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have camptocormia ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). if you have camptocormia ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). if you have camptocormia ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). if you have unexplained high blood pressure . if you suffer from sleepiness . if you suffer from schizophrenia . if you suffer from psychosis ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you are taking levodopa , especially if you are elderly ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , sleepiness , or muscle back . if you have symptoms such as depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating , sweating , pain in the hands and back , or a change in your vision . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . - symptoms of schizophrenia ( such as apathy , anxiety , anxiety , fatigue , sweating , pain in your hands or back , or a change in vision , or a change in your way you walk or problems with your eyesight . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . - symptoms of schizophrenia ( such as apathy , anxiety , anxiety , fatigue , sweating , pain in your hands or back , or a change in vision , or a change in vision , or a change in your way you walk or problems with your balance . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your blood pressure . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you experience symptoms such as depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating , pain in the hands or feet . these may be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing your_medication and should not be treated with this medicine . if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as the_problems have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when symptoms of depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating , muscle pain and confusion , or difficulty in breathing . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as apathy , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating , pain in the hands or feet and moving up towards your back and tell your doctor . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the high_sex_drive_or_preoccupation under the skin . if you experience any of these symptoms please inform your doctor . other medicines and pramipexole teva tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using
do not use benzalkonium_chloride - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using benzalkonium_chloride_this_medicine : if you have or have had kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions for advice . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below 15 years of age , because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , you should tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : any other eye drops for 15 minutes before using the drops . pregnancy , breast feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast feeding , think you may be breast_feeding or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines bretaris genuair may have minor influence on your ability to drive and use machines . driving and using machines do not drive or use machines until your vision is clear . important information about some of the ingredients of benzalkonium_chloride_this_medicine this medicine contains less than 1mmol ( 23 mg ) per dose , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam_actavis , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using levetiracetam_actavis . take special care with levetiracetam_actavis - if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam_actavis hospira have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam_actavis is used in combination with levetiracetam_actavis to treat some types of depression . if you experience any of these new symptoms while taking levetiracetam_actavis , see a doctor as soon as possible . children and adolescents levetiracetam_actavis is not recommended for children and adolescents under 16 years . other medicines and levetiracetam_actavis tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not take macrogol ( a drug used as laxative ) for one hour before and one hour after taking levetiracetam as this may results in a loss of its effect . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . levetiracetam can be used during pregnancy , only if after careful assessment it is considered necessary by your doctor . you should not stop your treatment without discussing this with your doctor . a risk of birth defects for your unborn child cannot be completely excluded . breast - feeding is not recommended during treatment . driving and using machines it is considered unlikely that fasenra will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , umeclidinium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this treatment : - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have difficulty passing urine . if you have difficulty passing urine . if you have severe breathing problems . if you have difficulty passing urine . if you have severe breathing problems such as coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . if you have severe breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this treatment . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell a doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell a doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell a doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell a doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell a doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell a doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell a doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell a doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment , seek urgent advice from a doctor or seek medical attention immediately . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " dry mouth ". if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this treatment . during treatment with treatment , tell your doctor immediately : - if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these may be treatment of a cough . seek urgent medical attention immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( retinitis pigmentosa ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this treatment . during treatment with treatment , tell your doctor immediately : - if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these may be symptoms of a decrease in blood pressure . if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( retinitis pigmentosa ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this treatment . during treatment with treatment , tell your doctor immediately : - if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these may be symptoms of a decrease in vision or eye pain . these could be symptoms of an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of taking this treatment . this can lead to permanent vision impairment , if not treated . if any of these
do not use nucala - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child : have ever had infections for the 58 time as asthma , have asthma , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had asthma . your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also under " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have asthma , especially if you are currently being treated with corticosteroids . it is important to tell your doctor if you have asthma , especially if you are currently being treated with corticosteroids . it is important to tell your doctor if you have asthma , especially if you are currently being treated with corticosteroids . it is important to tell your doctor if you have asthma , especially if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example parasites ) since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you are currently taking corticosteroids , your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ), since the combination of corticosteroids may lead to an increase in the number of blood cells that help fight infections ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood . these include : careful selection of blood and plasma donors to make sure those at risk of carrying infections are excluded , and - the testing of each donation and pools of plasma for signs of infections / corticosteroids . - if you are taking corticosteroids ( these medicines reduce the number of your blood cells . these include : - careful selection of blood and plasma donors to make sure those at risk of carrying infections are excluded , and - the testing of each donation and pools of plasma for signs of infections / corticosteroids . - medicines that may reduce the amount of potassium in your blood , such as other diuretics ( used to treat parasites ), since the combination of these with corticosteroids may cause infections and may lead to parasites . - anti - angiogenic medicines ( used to treat infections ), since the combination of corticosteroids may be reduced . these include : - careful selection of blood and plasma donors to make sure those at risk of carrying infections are excluded , and - the testing of each donation and pools of plasma for signs of infections / corticosteroids . manufacturers of these medicines also include steps in the processing of the blood or plasma that can inactivate or remove corticosteroids . despite these measures , when medicines prepared from human blood or plasma are administered , the possibility of passing on infection cannot be totally excluded . this also applies to any unknown or emerging viruses or other types of infections . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( corticosteroids ), since the effects of these medicines taken together with corticosteroids are unknown . these include : - careful selection of blood and plasma donors to make sure those at risk of carrying infections are excluded , and - the testing of each donation and pools of plasma for signs of infections / corticosteroids . manufacturers of these medicines also include steps in the processing of the blood or plasma that can inactivate or remove corticosteroids . despite these measures , when medicines prepared from human blood or plasma are administered , the possibility of passing on infection cannot be totally excluded . this also applies to any unknown or emerging viruses or other types of infections . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( corticosteroids ), since the effects of these medicines taken together with corticosteroids are unknown . these include : - careful selection of blood and plasma donors to make sure those at risk of carrying infections are excluded , and - the testing of each donation and pools of plasma for signs of infections / corticosteroids . manufacturers of these medicines also include steps in the processing of the blood or plasma that can inactivate or remove corticosteroids . despite these measures , when medicines prepared from human blood or plasma are administered , the possibility of passing on infection cannot be totally excluded . this also applies to any unknown or emerging viruses or other types of infections . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( corticosteroids ), since the effects of these medicines taken together with corticosteroids are
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide - if you have kidney or kidney problems . - if you have or have had diarrhoea . - if you have liver or kidney problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . - if you have liver_or_kidney_problems ( high blood pressure ). - if you have liver_or_kidney_problems ( high blood pressure ). - if you have liver or kidney problems . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone . if you have severe liver or kidney problems , tell your doctor . - if you have liver_or_kidney_problems ( high blood pressure ). - if you have liver or kidney problems . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone . if you have poor kidney or kidney function , tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . take special care with lenalidomide - if you have liver or kidney problems , tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . - if you have liver or kidney problems . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone . if you have severe liver or kidney problems , tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . if you have liver or kidney problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are currently taking any of these . your doctor will tell you if you should be taking lenalidomide . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following side effects gets serious or last longer than a few days : abnormal thoughts or kidney problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following side effects gets serious or last longer than a few days : abnormal thoughts or kidney problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if any of these applies to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following side effects gets serious or last longer than a few days : abnormal thoughts or kidney problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if any of these applies to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following side effects gets serious or last longer than a few days : abnormal thoughts or kidney problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if any of these applies to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following side effects gets serious or last longer than a few days : abnormal thoughts or kidney problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if any of these applies to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following side effects gets serious or last longer than a few days : abnormal thoughts or kidney problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if any of these applies to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following side effects gets serious or last longer than a few days : abnormal thoughts or kidney problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following side effects gets serious or last longer
do not use palforzia - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should immediately contact your doctor . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician straightaway ( see section 4 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , dizziness , tightness of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician straightaway ( see section 4 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , dizziness , trouble breathing and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop using the injection immediately and contact your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have an allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the following ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 4 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should immediately contact your doctor . an allergic reaction may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). if you experience a rash , dizziness and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( a severe allergic reaction ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before using this medicine . allergic reactions : tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : fainting , trouble breathing , dizziness , fainting or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . you must look out for signs of these symptoms ( see section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include dizziness , trouble breathing , dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should immediately contact your doctor . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , dizziness , trouble breathing and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms please inform your doctor . an allergic reaction may be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in fainting . the symptoms can include dizziness , abdominal skin , dizziness , trouble breathing and swelling of the face or tongue . if any of these symptoms occur , stop the injection immediately and contact your doctor . these symptoms may be a sign of a severe allergic reaction . you must look out for signs of these symptoms ( see section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include fainting , shortness of breath , dizziness , swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , dizziness , trouble breathing and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms please inform your doctor . an allergic reaction may be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in fainting . the symptoms can include fainting , abdominal skin rash , dizziness , trouble breathing and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms please inform your doctor . an allergic reaction may be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in fainting . the symptoms can include fainting , abdominal skin rash , dizziness , trouble breathing and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms please inform your doctor . an allergic reaction may be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a serious , sometimes life -
you must not be given zerene - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of an_antibiotic ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or lips , swollen lips or tongue . - if you have a severe allergic reaction ( such as a_rash , itching or difficulty breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , hands and / or tongue ). if these symptoms occur , stop the infusion immediately and contact a doctor or seek emergency emergency care immediately . - if you notice any signs of an allergic reaction , such as an a_rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , difficulty breathing or breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash
