do not take incivo - if you are allergic to peginterferon_alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); 56 - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , troleandomycin , or medicine to treat hepatitis c infection - if you are taking ritonavir , or any of the other ingredients of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , clarithromycin , telithromycin , troleandomycin , or medicine to treat hepatitis c infection - if you are taking ritonavir , or any of the other ingredients of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , clarithromycin , telithromycin , troleandomycin , or medicine to treat hepatitis c . - if you are taking ritonavir , or any of the other ingredients of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , clarithromycin , telithromycin , troleandomycin , or medicine to treat hepatitis c . - if you are taking ritonavir , or any of the other ingredients of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , clarithromycin , telithromycin , troleandomycin - if you are taking medicine to treat hepatitis c infection - if you are taking ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infections ). - if you are taking ritonavir , clarithromycin , telithromycin or troleandomycin ( medicine used to treat hepatitis c ) - if you are taking ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infections ). - if you are taking ritonavir ( another medicine used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - troleandomycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , troleandomycin ( medicines used to treat hiv infections ) - mycophenolic acid , used to treat hiv infections / aids ( see ' other abacavir and tadalafil "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide accord - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , troleandomycin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you are allergic to sirolimus , clarithromycin , telithromycin , troleandomycin , or medicine to treat hepatitis c . - if you are taking ritonavir , or any of the other ingredients of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking ritonavir , clarithromycin , telithromycin or troleandomycin ( medicine used to treat hepatitis c ) - if you are taking ritonavir ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - if you are taking ritonavir ( another medicine used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - troleandomycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , troleandomycin ( medicines used to treat hiv infections ) - mycophenolic acid , used to treat hiv infections - sildenafil , clarithromycin , telithromycin , troleandomycin ( medicines used to treat hiv infections ) - protease inhibitors ( used to treat hiv infections ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( for erectile dysfunction or to treat infections ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( for erectile dysfunction or to treat infections ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to correct heart rhythm ). - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat heart problems - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat heart problems - repaglinide , a medicine used to correct heart rhythm - repaglinide , used to treat high blood pressure - repaglinide , a medicine used to correct heart rhythm - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat heart problems - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat heart problems - repaglinide , a medicine used to correct heart rhythm - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat heart problems - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat heart problems - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat heart problems - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat heart problems - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat heart problems - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat heart problems - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat heart problems - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat heart problems - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat heart problems - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat heart problems - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat heart problems - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat heart problems - repaglinide , tacrolimus , sirolimus , or methylergonovine to treat migraine - dexamethasone , used to treat some infections if you are taking cisapride ( used to treat certain infections ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( for erectile dysfunction or high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zinbryta and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given treatment if you are breast - feeding . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the tests advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor will speak to you and give you written information , particularly on the effects of zinbryta on unborn babies . read the information carefully and follow the instructions . if you do not fully understand these instructions , please ask your doctor to explain them again before you take zinbryta . see also further information in the package leaflet " do not take zinbryta ". - if you are being treated now or have been treated for tb ( see " other medicines and treatment " below ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor about switching to another medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , some of the active substances may be life - threatening . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra monitoring of your blood tests to check that your liver is working properly before and during treatment with treatment : - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b or c . your doctor will tell you if you should be given vaccines . - if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must not donate blood during treatment and for at least 4 weeks after stopping treatment . children and adolescents treatment with this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and treatment tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using this medicine must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn baby . pregnancy and breast - feeding if
do not take wilzin : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine , penicillamine , or any of the other ingredients of fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic_reactions , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid accord : - if you have experienced severe allergic reactions to acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve stomach cramps and allergic_reactions ), e . g . penicillamine , zinc , fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g .
do not take biktarvy : if you are allergic to emtricitabine , adefovir_dipivoxil or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antiretrovirals : if you have or have ever had hepatitis b or c . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take the_following_medicines . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because tenofovir_alafenamide could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c is started . if you have liver disease , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and tenofovir_alafenamide tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamins , aluminium , magnesium , iron , iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine for hiv infection rifampicin , rifabutin to treat some bacterial infections rifampicin , rifabutin used to treat some bacterial infections including depression . st . john ' s wort , a herbal iron ( hypericum perforatum ) used for depression anxiety , antacids ( e . g . aluminium , magnesium , magnesium , iron ), iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv infection and aids ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking any of the following medicines : antacids ( e . g . aluminium , magnesium , iron ), iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv infection ) rifampicin , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections caused by infections ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for depression and anxiety ) antacids ( e . g . aluminium , magnesium , magnesium , iron ), iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv_infection and treat hiv_infection and other infections ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of rifabutin may need to be changed . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking any of the following medicines : antacids ( e . g . aluminium , magnesium , iron ), iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv infection ) rifampicin , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections caused by infections ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for depression and anxiety ) antacids ( e . g . aluminium , magnesium , magnesium , iron ), iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv_infection and treat infections ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking any of the following medicines : antacids ( e . g . aluminium , magnesium , iron ), iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv infection ) rifampicin , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections caused by infections ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for depression and anxiety ) antacids ( e . g . aluminium , magnesium , magnesium , iron ), iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv_infection and treat hiv_infection and other infections ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of rifabutin may need to be changed . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking any of the following medicines
do not take novonorm - if you are allergic ( pregnant ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , do not take deferasirox accord and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox mylan . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 18 years of age , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . if you are older than 18 years you are older than 75 years you are 75 years or older , you are 75 years or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are aged 75 years or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old .
you should not receive pumarix : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or ovalbumin . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine : if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , the results of these tests may not be correct . tell the doctor requesting these tests that you have recently been given this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , the results of these tests may not be correct . tell the doctor requesting these tests that you have recently been given this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , the results of these tests may not be correct . tell the doctor requesting these tests that you have recently been given this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , your doctor will check you for signs of this infection before vaccination is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to the_vaccine , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and fainting . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you are a stem cell donor , you must not receive routine dental care during and for some time after the procedure . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with abseamed . tell your doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , the results of these tests may not be correct . tell the doctor requesting these tests that you have recently been given this vaccine . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with the medicine , tell your doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , the results of these tests may not be correct . tell the doctor requesting these tests that you have recently been given this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you are a stem cell donor , you must be
do not use somakit_toc − if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you are taking any of the following glucocorticoids : - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - st john ' s wort ( a herbal product ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation and inflammation ) - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic to glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you are taking any of the following glucocorticoids : - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 1.5 ( used to treat inflammation ) - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding ") - are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). - are breast - feeding ; - are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 1.5 ( used to treat inflammation ) - oral contraceptives ( e . g ., 28 pregnancy ) pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . eporatio contains sodium this medicine contains 28 mg sodium ( main component of cooking / table salt ) in each tablet . this is equivalent to 2 . 5 % of the recommended maximum daily dietary intake of sodium for an adult .
do not use afinitor : if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking imatinib ratiopharm - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) or have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given imatinib ratiopharm . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given imatinib ratiopharm . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given imatinib ratiopharm . tell your doctor straight away if you think you have had an infection , such as tuberculosis or have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given imatinib ratiopharm . if you think you may be allergic but are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given imatinib teva . if you are a woman who could be child , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given imatinib ratiopharm . tell your doctor straight away if you think you have had an infection , even if you think you might be allergic , or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking imatinib ratiopharm in combination with other medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because imatinib ratiopharm can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way imatinib accord works . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - other_antifungals ( a medicine used to treat depression ), carbamazepine , phenobarbital or phenytoin ( anti - epileptics used to treat seizures ) - rifampicin ( a corticosteroid medicine used to treat mild seizures ) - rifampicin ( a corticosteroid medicine used to treat mild pain and lower fever ) - radiation therapy ( a vaccine used to treat a certain type of cancer known as falciparum malaria ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to treat a certain type of pain infection ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to treat a certain type of pain infection ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to treat a certain type of pain infection ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to treat a certain type of pain infection ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to treat a certain type of pain infection ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to treat a certain type of pain infection ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to treat a certain type of pain infection ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - imatinib ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - imatinib ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - imatinib ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - imatinib ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - imatinib ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - imatinib ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - imatinib ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - imatinib ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - imatinib ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - imatinib ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - imatinib ( used to treat some infections caused by viruses ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - imatinib ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - imatinib ( used to
do not take laventair_ellipta : - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had severe kidney problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have or have had severe kidney problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had severe kidney problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have or have had severe kidney problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had severe kidney problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have or have had severe kidney problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( 31 - if you suffer from asthma - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have or have had severe kidney problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take this medicine "). - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had severe kidney problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you drink alcohol - if you have severe liver problems such as diabetes . - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( 31 - if you suffer from asthma - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you drink alcohol - if you have or have had an allergic reaction to umeclidinium ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( 31 - if you suffer from asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have
do not receive tremfya - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 36 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you , or the child you are caring for : - are being treated for a child ( e . g . fever , cough , feeling red or red sensation ). - if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ), consult your doctor before starting this medicine . if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ), consult your doctor . if you think you might be at risk of contracting hbv if your child ' s immune system is not being controlled with this_medicine , tell your doctor immediately . if you think you might be at risk of contracting hbv if your child ' s immune system is not being controlled with vaccination , tell your doctor immediately . he / she may decide if your child should receive or continue to receive vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , this medicine can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before vaccination is started . if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy . - if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . he / she will decide if your child should receive or continue to receive vaccination . tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of tuberculosis ( such as cough , weight loss , warm , warm , red fever , warm , red fever ), or any other infection appear during or after your treatment , tell your doctor straight away . you may get infections more easily while you are being treated with this medicine . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may
do not take trepulmix : - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have a history of low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you are taking other medicines containing any of the following medicines : - acetylsalicylic acid such as ibuprofen and heparin ( herbal medicines ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - rifampicin , trimethoprim , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - warfarin , heparin , heparin , acetylsalicylic acid , - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for warfarin ); - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following substances : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , heparin ( anticonvulsant medicines ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - rifampicin , trimethoprim , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - warfarin , heparin , heparin , acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , heparin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - warfarin , heparin , acetylsalicylic acid , - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox hct - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following substances : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , heparin ( anticonvulsant medicines ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - rifampicin , trimethoprim , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - warfarin , heparin , heparin , acetylsalicylic acid , - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox hct : - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following substances : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , heparin ( anticonvulsant medicines ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - rifampicin , trimethoprim , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - warfarin , heparin , heparin , acetylsalicylic acid , - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox hct - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following substances : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , heparin ( anticonvulsant medicines ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - rifampicin , trimethoprim , carbamazepine , phenobarbital
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing or breathing difficulties . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing or breathing difficulties . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing or breathing difficulties . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing or breathing difficulties . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing or breathing difficulties . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing or breathing problems . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing or breathing problems . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients
do not use senstend : - if you are allergic to the active substance , chloroquine , primaquine , pamaquine , phenobarbital , or phenytoin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any of the following : chloroquine , primaquine , pamaquine , phenobarbital , or phenytoin . - if you are taking or have taken any of the following : - chloroquine , primaquine , pamaquine , phenobarbital , phenytoin - if you have a very low number of platelets in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have been told that you have a low level of red blood cells in the blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have anaemia ( low blood count ) - if you have anaemia ( low blood count ) - if you have anaemia ( high level of red , white , or coagulating blood cells ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have anaemia ( high level of red , white , or coagulating blood cells ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have anaemia ( low blood count ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have numbness or blinking , which may be associated with a higher risk of anaemia . - if you have severe or severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to change your dose of this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this medicine if : you have numbness , blinking , or sensation in your hands or feet . if you
do not use opdivo : - if you are allergic to nivolumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland - if you have severe lung or lung problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have or have had inflammation of the muscles ( e . g . myocarditis ) - if you have inflammation of the muscles ( e . g . myocarditis ) - if you have a history of muscle weakness - if you have myositis ( a blockage of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ); - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ); - if you have myositis ( a condition in which the immune system attacks its own cells ); - if you have myositis ( a condition that increases the rate of the heart ); - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( a condition in which the immune system attacks its own cells ); - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have myositis ( a condition in which the immune system attacks its own cells ); - if you have myositis ( a blockage of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ); - if you have myositis ( a blockage of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ); - if you have myositis ( a blockage of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ); - if you have myositis ( a blockage of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ); - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as diabetes , loss of appetite , feeling tired , drowsy , loss of appetite , feeling tired , drowsy , weak,_depressed , loss of appetite , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , or diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and inflammation_of_the_heart_muscle ) - if you have an abnormally high level of blood lipids in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ), which may lead to myocarditis ( a condition in which the blood attacks in the blood vessels in the body ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the
do not take clopidogrel_tad - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : o oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or any other medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or any other medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or any other medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or any other medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or any other medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or any other medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or any other medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor
do not take tacforius - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any of the following antibiotic : - erythromycin , clarithromycin , josamycin , rifampicin , letermovir ( used to prevent illness ) or to prevent organ rejection ( see other sections " do not take imatinib accord "). - if you are taking any of the following combination_tablets , e . g . ritonavir , clarithromycin , josamycin , rifampicin , letermovir ( used to prevent illness ) or to prevent organ rejection ( see " other medicines and schisandra_sphenanthera "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking imatinib accord : - if you have or have had illness of the pancreas ( e . g . ritonavir , clarithromycin , josamycin , rifampicin , letermovir ) - if you are taking letermovir ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , boceprevir , or the_combination_ombitasvir ) or letermovir ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , the_combination_ombitasvir , nelfinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir ) if you are taking combination_tablets ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , boceprevir , or the_combination_ombitasvir ) or ritonavir ( see section " other medicines and imatinib accord "). if you are taking any of the following combination_tablets , e . g . ritonavir , clarithromycin , josamycin , rifampicin ( letermovir ) or letermovir ( see " other medicines and imatinib accord "). if you are taking any of the following combination_tablets , e . g . ritonavir , clarithromycin , josamycin , rifampicin ( anti - histamines ) or letermovir ( a medicine used to treat illness ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , boceprevir , the_combination_ombitasvir ) - paritaprevir / ritonavir ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - mycophenolic acid , used to suppress the immune system to prevent organ rejection - to prevent blood clots - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - anti - malarial medicines ( e . g . used to treat hepatitis c ) - mycophenolic acid , used to suppress the immune system to prevent organ rejection - to prevent blood clots - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - anti - malarial medicines ( e . g . used to treat hepatitis c ) - mycophenolic acid , used to suppress the immune system to prevent organ rejection - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir , nelfinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir ) - anti - cancer medicines ( e . g . telaprevir , telaprevir , paritaprevir , or the_combination_ombitasvir ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - mycophenolic acid , used to suppress the immune system to prevent organ rejection - to prevent blood clots - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - anti - malarial medicines ( e . g . used to treat hepatitis c ) - mycophenolic acid , used to suppress the immune system to prevent organ rejection - nilotinib , used to treat hepatitis c infection - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - anti - malarial medicines ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - protease inhibitors ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - telaprevir ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir , nelfinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir ) - anti - cancer medicines ( e . g . telaprevir , telaprevir , paritaprevir , or the_combination_ombitasvir ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - mycophenolic acid , used to suppress the immune system to prevent organ rejection - to prevent blood clots - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - anti - malarial medicines ( e . g . used to treat hepatitis c ) - mycophenolic acid , used to suppress the immune system to prevent organ rejection - to prevent blood clots - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) or other " vinca alkaloids " ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - protease inhibitors ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir , nelfinavir , ritonavir ,
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel zentiva . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel zentiva : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and ttp ( e . g . cutting yourself , fever , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or ttp ( see also information under the headings " do not take clopidogrel zentiva " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : clopidogrel . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or ttp ( see also information under the headings " do not take clopidogrel zentiva " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : o oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat diabetes and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o fever or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - repaglinide , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or fever ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of repaglinide krka may need to be changed . repaglinide krka with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are suffering from diabetes . if you are using medicines that prevent the blood clots . if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or ttp ( see also information under the headings " do not take repaglinide krka " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : repaglinide a pharma with alcohol it is not recommended to drink alcohol while you are being treated with clopidogrel krka . zentiva with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are suffering from states of renal tubulary acidosis ( severe_chest_pain , an excess of acid - forming substances in the blood due to renal dysfunction ( poor kidney function )) or severe infections of the urinary tract ( structure that carries urine ), as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . repaglinide krka with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are suffering from states of renal tubulary acidosis ( severe_chest_pain , an excess of acid - forming substances in the blood due to renal dysfunction ( poor kidney function )) or severe infections of the urinary tract ( structure that carries urine ),
do not use yttriga - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to allergic ( hypersensitive ) to alternative_techniques or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , or think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving treatment , and during treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to alternative_techniques or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , or think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to alternative_techniques or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to allergic ( hypersensitive ) to alternative_techniques or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , or think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to allergic ( hypersensitive ) to alternative_techniques or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , or think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to allergic ( hypersensitive ) to alternative_techniques or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , or think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to allergic ( hypersensitive ) to alternative_techniques or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , or think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to allergic ( hypersensitive ) to alternative_techniques or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , or think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to allergic ( hypersensitive ) to alternative_techniques or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , or think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to allergic ( hypersensitive ) to alternative_techniques or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , or think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to allergic ( hypersensitive ) to alternative_techniques or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are
do not use ciambra - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed 51 - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using pemetrexed 51 - if you have or have had a kidney or liver problem . if you have recently had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have recently had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start taking abseamed and regularly while you are treated with arsenic trioxide mylan . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start taking abseamed and regularly while you are treated with arsenic trioxide mylan . if you are unsure , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines antibodies has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines . however , if you are feeling unwell , this treatment will be stopped , or the use of medicinal products such as those with a central nervous system disease ( e . g . condom ) or if your child has been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
do not take remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have liver_problems ( high blood sugar ). - if you have sepsis ( high blood sugar ). - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , such as certain kinds of copd ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking kineret : if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , hepatitis c , hepatitis c or human immunodeficiency virus , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , hepatitis c or hepatitis c virus , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid accord . tell your doctor immediately if you develop fever , pain or swelling in the upper right side of your stomach area ( bleeding_under_the_skin ), bleeding or bruising more easily than normal , or if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor immediately . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking treatment for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as fever , swelling or swelling in the upper right side of your skin . if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor immediately . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking treatment for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as fever , swelling or swelling in the upper right side of your skin . this may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor immediately . fever , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pale or unusual pale . if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor immediately . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking treatment for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as fever , swelling or swelling in the upper right side of your skin . this may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor immediately . fever , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , pale or unusual pale . if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor immediately . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking treatment for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as fever , swelling or swelling in the upper right side of your skin . this may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the bleeding_under_the_skin under
do not take rasagiline_mylan : if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( used to treat depression ) or parkinson ' s disease ( such as medicinal medicines ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat infections : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - pethidine ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and other conditions ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat depression : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat depression : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat depression : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat depression : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat depression : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat depression : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : o an ace - inhibitor ( nsaids ) such as st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - pethidine ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and other conditions ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : o an ace - inhibitor ( nsaids ) such as st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment : - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example depression , or parkinson ' s disease ) - medicinal products ( such as st . john ' s wort , also known as hypericum perforatum ), pethidine ( used to treat depression ) - parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - selective_serotonin-norepinephrine_reuptake_inhibitors ( medicines used to treat depression ) - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ) - st . john ' s wort , a herbal product ( hypericum perforatum ) - pethidine ( used to treat depression ) - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : o an ace - inhibitor ( nsaids ) such as st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - pethidine (
do not use hulio - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe skin reaction such as a chest infection , wheezing , dizziness , swelling or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given adalimumab if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before starting treatment with adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before starting treatment with adalimumab . if you or the child experience symptoms of an infection such as histoplasmosis , wounds , parasites or bacteria , tell your doctor immediately . - tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment with adalimumab . if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with adalimumab , tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment with adalimumab . if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with adalimumab , tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment . it is important to tell your doctor if you get symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment . it is important to tell your doctor if you get symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment . it is important to tell your doctor if you get symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment . it is important to tell your doctor if you get symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment . it is important to tell your doctor if you get symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment . it is important to tell your doctor if you get symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment . it is important to tell your doctor if you get symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily
do not take yellox : - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any other sulfonamide - derived other_nsaids - if you have asthma ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): - if you have experienced a severe allergic reaction ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac , diclofenac ), or diclofenac ( signs of an allergic reaction ) or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the lips , lips or tongue . - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve asthma and other non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac , diclofenac ) or diclofenac ( signs of diabetes ) - ketoprofen ( for example , to treat pain or swelling ) - if you are taking any other opioid medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diclofenac ( signs of diabetes ) - ketoprofen ( for example , swelling of the lips , lips , tongue or other parts of the body ). - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve diabetes ) - if you experience blurred vision or other breathing problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) or diclofenac ( signs of diabetes ) - ketoprofen ( for mental illness ) - ketoprofen ( for example , for example , leg ulcer ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve diabetes ) - if you experience blurred vision or other breathing problems . - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac , diclofenac ( signs of diabetes ) - ketoprofen ( for mental illness ) - if you have experienced diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking other_nsaids . children and adolescents clopidogrel medicine is not intended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and other_nsaids tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac ( signs of an allergic reaction ) or ketoprofen ( for example , swelling of the lips , lips , tongue or other parts of the lips , eyes , lips , tongue and other parts of the body ) - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve diabetes ) - certain types of pain killers called proton pump inhibitors ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone ), or diclofenac ( for the treatment of diabetes ), - ketoprofen ( used to treat certain forms of pain ) - ketoprofen ( for the treatment of diabetes ) - ketoprofen ( used for the treatment of diabetes ); - ketoprofen ( or any drug used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ) - blurred vision . - other medicines used to treat diabetes . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ( for allergic_reactions , to treat diabetes ), - ketoprofen ( used to treat certain forms of pain ) - ketoprofen ( for the treatment of diabetes ) - ketoprofen ( used to relieve skin disorders ) - orally ( medicine used to treat diabetes ) - certain types of pain killers called proton pump inhibitors ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone ), or diclofenac ( used for the treatment of diabetes ) - ketoprofen ( for bacterial infections ) - ketoprofen for pain or inflammation ( swelling of the lips , eyes , eyes , lips , tongue and other parts of the body ). - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve diabetes ) - severe blurred vision
do not use dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have severe breathing problems , such as dizziness , shortness of breath , wheezing , or severe_kidney_problems - if you have moderate to severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have low blood pressure ( high blood pressure ), - if you suffer from unstable angina ( a severe form in which chest pain occurs very frequently and with or without exertion ); - if you have high blood pressure not controlled by heart rhythm - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems
do not take erleada - if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : - if you have or have had heart problems . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - amiodarone , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide ; - medicines used to treat anxiety or discomfort , as these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as amiodarone , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide ; - medicines used to treat anxiety or discomfort , as these may be signs of low blood pressure - colchicine ( a medicine used to treat gout and prevent seizures ) - colchicine ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - colchicine ( used to lower cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to lower cholesterol ) - midazolam , diazepam ( used to lower cholesterol ) - midazolam , diazepam ( used to treat anxiety and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking simvastatin ( used to lower cholesterol ) - midazolam , diazepam ( used to treat anxiety and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - quinidine , disopyramide , amiodarone , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , ibutilide ( medicines used to treat anxiety and discomfort , as well as to prevent or treat blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - certain types of colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent seizures ) - if you are
do not take axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking this medicine , if any of the following applies to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents below 60 years of age . this medicine has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment of this medicine or monitoring will be required : - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as the dose of this medicine will need to be changed . pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take azopt : - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section medicines ). warnings and precautions 22 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine : - if you have or have had kidney_or_liver_problems ( used to treat infections , e . g . sulphonamides ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections , e . g . sulphonamides ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) or sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to increase the amount of urine you produce ). - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe kidney disease . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 1 year of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your liver . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is not known whether rituzena has an effect on you being able to drive or use machines .
do not take forxiga : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you experience rapid weight loss , feeling sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in insulin dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have had diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the immune system is unable to supply enough blood to the blood from the hypoglycaemia ). if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking insulin and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking insulin : if you have a low level of insulin in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). travel talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking your_ketone_levels and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using your_ketone_levels . your doctor will check your blood and urine regularly as long as possible . your doctor may also check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take insulin ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your blood sugar level may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). in most cases you will need a doctor . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and risks of taking this medicine . driving and using machines your ability to concentrate or react may be reduced if : - you have hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar levels ), - you have problems with your sight . keep this possible problem in mind in all situations where you might put yourself and others at risk ( e . g . driving a car or using machines ). you should contact your doctor about the advisability of driving if you have : frequent episodes of hypoglycaemia reduced or absent warning signs of a hypo if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . other medicines and insulin tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because some medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following : too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol .
do not use mepact : - if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have neutropenia or neutropenia ( low white blood cell ( neutrophil ) count ); - if you have a history of neutropenia ( low white blood cell ( neutrophil ) count ); - if you have a history of neutropenia ( low white blood cell ( neutrophil ) count ) - if you have severe liver problems ( see " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and any_medicines "). - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because it is not known if the medicine can affect the way these medicines work . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - some medicines used to suppress your immune system . - chemotherapy ( used to treat inflammations and other infections ), tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are being treated with any of the following medicines : - medicines that reduce the production of white blood cells in the blood . these include : o chemotherapy ( used to treat inflammations and other infections ), tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are being treated with any of the following medicines : - medicines that reduce the production of white blood cells in the blood . these include : o chemotherapy ( used to treat inflammations and other infections ), tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are being treated with any of the following medicines : - medicines that reduce the production of white blood cells in the blood . these include : o chemotherapy , chills , shivering ∑ ∑ ∑ a medicine used to treat a fever - a medicine that affects the production of red blood cells , such as headaches , chills , shivering , hepatitis a virus , fever , chills , chills , or shivering - these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal lung condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). these include medicines used to treat ms , such as chills , shivering or shivering . these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal lung condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and chemotherapy tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - any medicines that affect your immune system ( such as chemotherapy or immune system ), - chemotherapy ( used to treat inflammations and other infections ), tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to adjust the dose or delay the medicines you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that affect your immune system , such as chemotherapy or immune - suppressive medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given chemotherapy . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that affect your immune system , such as chemotherapy or immune - suppressive medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given chemotherapy . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose or delay the medicines you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that affect your immune system , such as chemotherapy or immune - suppressive medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given chemotherapy . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system , such as chemotherapy or immune - suppressive medicines . your doctor may recommend that you consider treatment with these medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given chemotherapy . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following
do not take mirvaso - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide - derived medicines - if you have high blood pressure or heart problems - if you have high blood pressure or heart problems - if you have heart problems - if you have heart problems - if you have heart failure or high blood pressure - if you suffer from heart problems - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - amlodipine , propranolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - imipramine ( a medicine used to treat or prevent heart rhythm disorders ) - imipramine ( medicine used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - imipramine ( an antidepressant medicine ) - moclobemide ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - selegiline ( medicine to treat depression ) - selegiline ( medicine to treat depression ) - selegiline ( medicine to treat depression ) - selegiline ( medicine to treat some forms of depression ) - selegiline , medicine to treat some forms of depression - selegiline , medicine to treat some forms of depression - selegiline , medicine to treat some forms of depression - selegiline , medicine to treat some forms of depression - selegiline , medicine to treat some forms of depression - selegiline , medicine to treat some forms of depression - selegiline , medicine to treat depression - selegiline , medicine to treat depression - selegiline , medicine to treat depression - selegiline , medicine to treat depression - selegiline , medicine to treat depression - selegiline , medicine to treat depression - selegiline , medicine to treat depression . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; - beta - blockers or clonidine , for high blood pressure . - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - imipramine ( medicine to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - imipramine ( substances used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - imipramine ( substances used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( substances used to treat irregular heart beat ) - imipramine ( substances used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( substances used to treat irregular heart beat ) - imipramine ( substances used in the treatment of mental disorders ) - imipramine ( substances used in the treatment of mental disorders ) - imipramine ( used to treat depression ) - some medicines used to treat high blood pressure . - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - imipramine ( substances used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - imipramine ( substances used in the treatment of mental disorders ) - imipramine ( antibiotics used to treat depression ) - some medicines used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . imipramine ). - imipramine or other selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( moclobemide ) used for treating depression . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : amlodipine , propranolol used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . imipramine ) or medicines to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g ., imipramine ). - anti - cholinergic medicines ( used to treat depression ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of these_medicines may need to be changed . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - amlodipine , propranolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - imipramine ( substances used to treat mental disorders ) - imipramine (
do not use mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a history of tumour in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have or have had bleeding in your brain . - if you have or have had a blood clot in the past , or a blood clot in your brain , or a blood clot in your blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . diverticulitis , stomach ulcer or colitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . diverticulitis , stomach ulcers , colitis , chemotherapy ), - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and posterior_reversible_encephalopathy_syndrome ) - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are due to have an operation , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures tell your doctor that you are being treated with this medicine . if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures tell your doctor that you are being treated with this medicine . if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures tell your doctor that you are taking this medicine . this medicine is not intended for use in children and adolescents . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as high blood pressure , high_blood_pressure , breathlessness , swelling , or swelling of the gut ). - if you have a bleeding disorder or if you develop symptoms of high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ), high blood pressure , or high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ), or have high blood pressure . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you suffer from
do not use tecartus - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section 2 , " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). - are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). - are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). - are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). - are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). - are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given machines : - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , medicines may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , hepatitis_c and hepatitis c infection . if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you are due to have a vaccination , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are a woman who could be , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given machines : - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , cases of hepatitis b infection may be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may recommend that you are at risk of hepatitis b infection you will be given a blood test to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive this medicine . in case of white blood cells disturbances , you may be at higher risk of developing hepatitis b . you will be given a blood test to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some vaccines may affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as gentamicin , gentamicin ) medicines that reduce the production of white blood cells . these include : - medicines that increase the production of white blood cells . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not receive this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is not known whether the medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . however , dizziness , headache , feeling sick , weakness , dizziness , headache ( see section 4 ) do not drive or use machines until the reaction subsides .
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may order blood tests to check blood sugar and certain fat levels before you start taking these_medical_conditions ( see also section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop qtern . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 ) - if you retain water ( fluid retention ) or have pancreatitis , in particular if you are over 4 years old . - if you have a special type of diabetic complication_of_diabetes called diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - if you have type 1 diabetes ( see section 4 ) - if you retain water ( fluid retention ) or have gallstones in the past . your blood sugar level may increase ( pancreatitis ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe nausea , nausea , vomiting , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe nausea , nausea , vomiting , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - a planned feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop qtern . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your blood is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the complication_of_diabetes has a reduced supply of pancreatitis ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe nausea , nausea , vomiting , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - an allergic reaction to previous ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may order blood tests to check blood sugar and certain fat levels before you start taking this medicine and regularly while you are on this medicine . if your blood sugar is too low , your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have type 1 diabetes ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking the medicine . it is important to check your insulin and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care and adequate hydration given by your healthcare professional . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use these_medical_conditions , unless instructed by your doctor . loss of response
do not use xultophy : if you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec or pioglitazone , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual : if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if your blood sugar is too low ( hypoglycaemia ), follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see box at the end of this leaflet ). other medicines and toujeo tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : - other medicines to treat fall blood sugar , as your dose may need to be changed . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual may need to be changed . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual may need to be changed . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual may need to be changed . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual may need to be changed . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual may need to be changed . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual may need to be changed . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual may need to be changed . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual may need to be changed . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual may need to be changed . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual may need to be changed . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual may need to be changed . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual may need to be changed . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual may need to be changed . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar will be checked , and your
do not take giotrif - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severely impaired lung function - if you have , or have had , fever , chills , sickness , or vomiting warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking swelling : - if you have or have had a kidney or liver problems . - if you have a history of any kind of depression - if you have or have had fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may indicate an excessive effect of bloating ( redness and swelling in a contact and / or difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , redness and / or tongue ) when taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) for depression and allergies ( see section 4 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment - if you have a history of depression or allergies that may increase the risk of infections ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may indicate an excessive effect of bloating ( contained in 4 ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - if you experience an allergic reaction such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , lips , throat or tongue . these may be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal liver condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may need any infections in the past , tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . - if you experience a cough , fever , chills , sickness , or vomiting ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bloating ( see section 4 for more information ). if you experience skin reactions such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or inflammation , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , redness or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , redness or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , redness or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , redness or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , redness or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , redness or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , redness or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , redness or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , redness or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , redness or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , redness or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , redness or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , redness or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , redness or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , redness or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , redness or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , redness or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , redness or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , bloating , redness or swelling of the face or tongue . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction .
do not use orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any
do not take lynparza - if you are allergic to metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing , and during treatment : if you have any infection , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have an infection , it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had a blood clot in the past , or a blood clot in your blood vessel ( aml ). your doctor may recommend that you have a blood test , to check that your blood cell count is too low . your doctor will test your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing , and during treatment : if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are taking a medicine to treat hepatitis b infection ( see " other medicines and testing "). - if you are taking a medicine to treat tuberculosis ( see " other medicines and testing "). - if you are taking a medicine to treat tuberculosis ( see " other medicines and testing "). - if you are taking a medicine to treat tuberculosis ( see " other medicines and testing "). - if you are taking a medicine to treat tuberculosis ( see " other medicines and testing "). - if you are taking a medicine to treat tuberculosis ( see " other medicines and testing "). - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are taking a medicine to treat tuberculosis ( see " other medicines and testing "). - if you are taking a medicine to treat tuberculosis ( see " other medicines and testing "). - if you are taking a medicine to treat hepatitis b infection . - if you are taking rifapentine ( a medicine used to treat bacterial infections ) or tuberculosis ( such as cobicistat , ritonavir , nevirapine ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : boceprevir , telaprevir , rifapentine , clarithromycin , telithromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin ,
do not use nyxoid : if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential benefits and risks of continuing using this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . if you are able to become pregnant , your doctor will discuss with you the potential benefits and risks of continuing using this medicine . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have any of the following : - pain or pain in the nose ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the abdomen ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the abdomen ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the abdomen ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the abdomen ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the abdomen ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the abdomen ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the abdomen ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the abdomen ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following signs and symptoms : pain or pain in the upper right side of your nose ( 4 weeks see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have pain or pain in the upper right side of your nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the upper right side of your nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 , " possible side effects " for more information see section 4 for more information about signs of pain and pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). your doctor will monitor you for signs and symptoms of these conditions ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have pain or pain in the upper right side of your nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the upper right side of your nose ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you experience pain or pain in the upper right side of your nose area
do not use ovaleap : if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). if you are a woman who could be , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this_medicine : - if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are a woman who could be , ask your doctor or pharmacist if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ) - if you have porphyria ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of bleeding ). - if you have or have had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you have porphyria ( a complication of porphyria that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) after starting treatment with this medicine . if you have porphyria ( a complication of porphyria that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) after starting treatment with this medicine . if you have porphyria , your doctor will evaluate your dose of this medicine if you have porphyria ( a condition that increases the amount of uric acid in the blood ). if you are a woman who could be , ask your doctor or pharmacist if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you have porphyria ( a complication of porphyria that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) after using this medicine , your doctor will investigate the reasons why including whether you have porphyria , or if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine is not for use in children and adolescents . the amount of alcohol in this medicine will not have any other medicines . other brain problems tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are using any of the following : - cancer medicines that affect your immune system ( the body ' s immune response , the body ' s immune response , enabling the body to fight infections that may be passed on the body . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor
do not take voriconazole_accord : if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy blisters , blisters , swollen face or lips , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are taking other anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . ergotamine , dihydroergotamine , migraine ) or diabetes ( e . g . statins ) to treat fits ( seizures ) ( seizures ) midazolam , triazolam) ( used to treat migraine ) ergot alkaloids ( e . g ., midazolam , triazolam) ) used to treat severe mental health problems ( e . g ., omeprazole , dihydroergotamine , migraine ) ( used to treat migraine ) midazolam ( used in the treatment of mental illness ) oral contraceptives ( e . g ., omeprazole , triazolam) ) ( used for treating mental illness ) oral contraceptives ( e . g ., omeprazole , triazolam) ) ( used for treating mental illness ) oral contraceptives ( e . g . omeprazole , triazolam) ) ( used for treating mental illness ) oral contraceptives ( e . g ., omeprazole , triazolam) ) ( used for treating mental illness ) oral contraceptives ( e . g ., omeprazole ) used to treat severe mental health problems ( e . g ., alfentanil ) ( used for treating mental illness ) omeprazole ( used for treating mental illness ) oral contraceptives ( see also section " other medicines and alfentanil ") - alfentanil and sirolimus ( used for the treatment of diabetes ) - statins ( e . g . tolbutamide , glipizide , glyburide ) - statins ( e . g . statins ) - atorvastatin , simvastatin ( used to treat hay fever ) - statins ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin ) - anti - epileptics ( used to treat mental illness ) - oral contraceptives ( e . g . omeprazole , triazolam) ) ( used for treating mental illness ) - oral contraceptives ( used to treat mental illness ) - omeprazole ( used to treat hairy cell leukaemia ) - omeprazole ( used to treat hairy cell leukaemia ) - alfentanil ( used to treat hairy cell leukaemia ) - alfentanil ( used to treat hairy cell leukaemia ) - alfentanil ( used to treat hairy cell leukaemia ) - alfentanil ( used to treat hairy cell leukaemia ) - alfentanil ( used to treat hairy cell leukaemia ) - alfentanil and sirolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - sulfonylureas ( e . g ., tolbutamide , glipizide , glyburide ) - diabetes ( e . g . statins ) - statins ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin ) ( used for treating mental illness ) - oral contraceptives ( e . g . omeprazole , triazolam) ) ( used for treating mental illness ) - oral contraceptives ( used to treat mental illness ) - omeprazole ( used to treat hairy cell leukaemia ) - alfentanil ( used to treat hairy cell leukaemia ) - alfentanil ( used to treat hairy cell leukaemia ) - alfentanil ( used to treat hairy cell leukaemia ) - alfentanil ( used to treat hairy cell leukaemia ) - alfentanil ( used to treat hairy cell leukaemia ) - alfentanil ( used to treat hairy cell leukaemia ) - alfentanil ( used to treat viral infections ) - alfentanil ( used to treat viral infections ) - oral_contraceptives ( used to treat viral infections ) - alfentanil ( used to treat viral infections ) - oral_contraceptives ( used to treat viral infections ) - alfentanil ( used to treat viral infections ) - oral_contraceptives ( used to treat viral infections ) - alfentanil ( used to treat viral infections ) - oral_contraceptives ( used to treat viral infections ) - alfentanil ( used to treat viral infections ) - oral_contraceptives ( used to treat viral infections ) - alfentanil ( used to treat viral infections ) - oral_contraceptives ( used to treat viral infections ) - alfentanil ( used to treat viral infections ) - oral_contraceptives ( used to treat viral infections ) - alfentanil ( used to treat viral infections ) - oral_contraceptives ( used to treat viral infections ) - alfentanil ( used to treat viral infections ) - oral_contraceptives ( used to treat viral infections ) - alfentanil ( used to treat viral infections ) - oral_contraceptives ( used to treat viral infections ) - alfentanil ( used to treat viral infections ) - oral_contraceptives ( used to treat viral infections ) - alfentanil ( used to treat viral infections ) - oral_contraceptives ( used to treat viral infections ) - alfentanil ( used to treat viral infections ) - oral_contraceptives ( used to treat viral infections ) - alfentanil ( used to treat viral infections ) - oral_contraceptives ( used to treat viral infections ) - alfentanil ( used
you should not receive mvabea - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a fever or an infection . - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( such as an active or a recent ulcer of your stomach or hands ) - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , the vaccination will be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because soap could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before vaccination is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because soap could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before vaccination is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . other medicines and blood_and_body_fluids tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this vaccine . driving and using machines zabdeno has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines . zabdeno contains sodium zabdeno contains less than 1mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use bondronat - if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery . - if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery . - if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid accord : if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have or have had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist straight away . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid sandoz . tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself , or if you have been previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent pain and lower fever ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe breathing problems such as certain kinds of discharge ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid accord : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example leg cramps , pain , swelling ), and non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( discharge ). if you have been told you have heart failure or are at risk for heart failure or you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving zoledronic acid accord . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid accord . allergic reactions if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid sandoz . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non -
do not use zeposia - if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of medicine ( listed in section 6 ), or to any of the other ingredients of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have or have had hepatitis b or c - if you have or have had hepatitis b or c - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . hepatitis b ) - if you have hepatitis b or hepatitis c - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( ecg ) - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking specialised_pre-natal_monitoring - if you have or have had seizures . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . chickenpox ) or have been in close contact with someone who has or has had cancer . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " other medicines and specialised_pre-natal_monitoring "). - if you are taking ciclosporin ( used to treat cancer ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are taking ciclosporin ( a medicine used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat certain types of cancer ), - tia ( used to treat certain types of cancer ), - tia ( used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat seizures ) - tia ( used in the treatment of seizures ). - if you have been told that you have seizures , your doctor will monitor your child ' s blood pressure , blood , and the amount of lymphocytes ( e . g . lymphocytes , lymphocytes , cholesterol ). treatment with cholesterol - lowering medicines ( such as lymphocytes
do not use temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to nicotinic acid , umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma or copd - if you have or have had copd - if you have or have had copd - if you have or have had copd - if you have or have had copd - if you have or have had copd - if you have or have had severe kidney problems , - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing any of the following classes of medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example propranolol ) - to treat an irregular heartbeat - if you are taking ketoconazole and itraconazole ( medicines used to lower high blood pressure or to treat heart problems ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and an_enlarged_prostate ) - if you have severe breathing difficulties , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , as your doctor may need to adjust your dose or stop treatment . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may also want you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may also want you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and bretaris genuair tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking these medicines . some medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking these medicines ( see possible side effects ). some medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking these medicines ( see possible side effects ). some medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking these medicines . these include : - beta - blockers ( used to treat breathing problems ) - tiotropium ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), - ketoconazole , itraconazole ( medicines used to lower high blood pressure ), - beta blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ). - propranolol ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) - ketoconazole ( used to treat an irregular heartbeat ), - ketoconazole and itraconazole ( medicines used to lower high blood pressure or to treat angina pectoris ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ). - propranolol ( a medicine used to treat certain types of pneumonia and infections ) - ketoconazole and itraconazole ( medicines used
do not use zinforo − if you are allergic to penicillin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you are taking any antibiotics containing penicillin k ( mao ) inhibitors ( used for the treatment of seizures or convulsions ). - if you have , or have ever had , convulsions or convulsions . - if you have , or have had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , convulsions or convulsions . - if you have or have had seizures or fits . - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( see section " other medicines and onivyde pegylated liposomal ") - if you have severe or persistent or persistent diarrhoea ( severe and persistent headache , convulsions , or convulsions ). - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have a history of convulsions ( see section " other medicines and onivyde pegylated liposomal ") - if you have severe or persistent or persistent diarrhoea ( severe and persistent headache , convulsions , or seizures ). - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have a history of convulsions ( see section " other medicines and onivyde pegylated liposomal ") - if you have severe or persistent or persistent diarrhoea ( severe and persistent headache , convulsions , or seizures ). - if you have any of these conditions , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . - if you experience skin reactions such as fever , blisters or hives , swelling of the face , lips , throat , throat , throat , throat , throat , lips , throat , throat , throat , throat , lips , throat or tongue . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain disorder called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). signs include fever , feeling sick ( convulsions ), being sick ( convulsions ) or being sick ( vomiting ) while being treated with ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes , tell your doctor straight away if you develop any of these symptoms . signs and symptoms may include fever , fever , joint pain , or convulsions . these may be signs of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ), which may be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these symptoms : fever , blisters , skin rash , swelling of the lips , mouth , throat or tongue . these may be signs of a rare but serious or potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ), which may be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs such as fever , fever , joint pain , or convulsions . these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ), which may be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these symptoms : fever , blisters , swelling in your lips , mouth , throat or tongue . these may be signs of a rare but serious or potentially fatal liver condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ), which may be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these symptoms : fever , blisters , swelling in your lips , mouth , throat or tongue . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene
do not take pregabalin_pfizer - if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swelling_of_the_face,_lips,_tongue,_and_throat , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pregabalin sandoz . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if this happens after you have been given pregabalin sandoz tell your doctor . very rarely , pregabalin sandoz may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of alcoholism or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take more medicine than prescribed . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( encephalopathy ) in some patients taking pregabalin mylan when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or kidney disease . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) has not been established and therefore , pregabalin should not be used in this age group . other medicines and pregabalin mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of pregabalin sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat hiv / aids . - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as this may increase the risk of constipation , especially if you are prone to this problem . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of alcoholism or any drug abuse or convulsions . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without
do not take xadago : - if you are allergic to metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you suffer from pain or inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . rosuvastatin , pravastatin , aciclovir ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment : - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . rosuvastatin , pravastatin or aciclovir ) - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure ( such as aciclovir ) - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure ( such as aciclovir ) or levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat pain and inflammation ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - medicines to treat high blood pressure ( e . g . aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat diabetes ) - medicines to treat high blood pressure ( such as aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat somnolence ) - pethidine ( used to treat depression and inflammation ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure ( e . g . aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat diabetes ) - medicines to treat high blood pressure ( such as aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat somnolence ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression and inflammation ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure ( e . g . aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat somnolence ) - pethidine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat diabetes ) - rosuvastatin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - treatment for depression ( e . g . dizziness , somnolence ) - somnolence ( used to treat depression ) - medicines to treat high blood pressure ( such as aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat somnolence ) - pethidine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat diabetes ) - treatment for depression ( e . g . dizziness , cold ) if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking rasagiline ratiopharm . children and adolescents rasagiline accord is not recommended for children and adolescents under 2 years of age . other medicines and rasagiline accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - levodopa ( used to treat type 2 diabetes ) - ciprofloxacin ( medicines used to treat certain types of depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - pethidine ( used to treat depression ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure ( such as aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat diabetes ) - medicines to treat high blood pressure ( such as aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin
do not use zytiga if you are allergic to gloves or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you
do not take hefiya : - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take adalimumab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab : - if you have a history of infections , such as infections , fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . - if you have an active infection of the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or leukaemia ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( bone_marrow ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . leukaemia , wheezing , dizziness , swelling , or rash ). if you have had an allergic reaction to other high blood pressure . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment with adalimumab . - if you have a history of recurrent infections or other conditions that increase the risk of infections ( e . g . fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems ). your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment with adalimumab . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or leukaemia ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or leukaemia ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or leukaemia ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( bone_marrow ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . leukaemia ) or have been in close contact with someone who has had or has lymphoma , please tell your doctor . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : azathioprine , mercaptopurine , azathioprine , swelling or rash . if you have been given adalimumab , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you take adalimumab . children and adolescents adalimumab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and adalimumab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - azathioprine , mercaptopurine , mercaptopurine , or mercaptopurine ( used to treat cancer ), - adalimumab ( used to lower high cholesterol levels ), - adalimumab ( used to treat a certain type of cancer ) - adalimumab ( a type of medicine that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) talk to your doctor if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of adalimumab may need to be changed . make sure to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - azathioprine , mercaptopurine , azathioprine , mercaptopurine , used to treat cancer . adalimumab with food , drink and alcohol adalimumab may be taken with or without food . it is not recommended to drink alcohol while you are being treated with adalimumab . alcohol may increase the blood pressure lowering effect of adalimumab . it is important that you tell your doctor if you are also taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . adalimumab can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way adalimumab works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - azathioprine , mercaptopurine , mercaptopurine
do not use ritemvia if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . if you have a severe active infection at the moment if you have a weak immune system , tell your doctor that you are being treated with this medicine . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking rituximab 107 . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have a risk of infection such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal infections ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( any_vaccinations ), such as polyangiitis , stomach ulcers or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) hepatitis_b_infection . your doctor will tell you if you should have any vaccines before you receive rituximab . children and adolescents rituximab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and rituximab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise , . it is not known whether the ingredients of this medicine can pass into breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will advise you to discontinue this medicine . driving and using machines 107 has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines . 107 contains 107 ( e420 ) and sodium this medicine contains 52 . 6 mg sodium ( main component of cooking / table salt ) in each 10 ml vial . this is equivalent to 2 . 6 % of the recommended maximum daily dietary intake of sodium for an adult .
do not take capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you think you may be allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you should inform your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) enough other medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . you should tell your doctor if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because capecitabine accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start treatment with this medicine . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because capecitabine accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you begin treatment . if you have dpd deficiency and are also taking brivudine , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving treatment . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine if : you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( with or without diabetes , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , dehydrated ) while on treatment with this medicine ( see also " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your eyes works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it is not known how the medicine will affect them . other medicines and capecitabine accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are also taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as an_anti-viral_medicines or shingles ) or chickenpox ( medicines used to treat shingles ) or chickenpox ( medicines that increase urine production [ diuretics ] or prevent fits ) or to stop smoking ( see section " other medicines and capecitabine mylan "). - if you are being treated now or have taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or shingles ( see also information under the headings " do not take brivudine " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : an_anti-viral_medicines ( a type of medicine also known as ' water tablets " ( used to treat shingles ) or chickenpox ( medicines that increase urine production [ diuretics ] or prevent travel sickness ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or shingles ( see also information under the headings " do not take capecitabine accord " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : brivudine - oral contraceptives ( used to treat shingles ) or chickenpox ( medicines that increase urine production [ diuretics ] or prevent fits ) - medicines that increase the amount of capecitabine in your blood . these include : brivudine - anti - inflammatory medicines ( used to treat shingles ) or chickenpox ( medicines that increase urine production [ diuretics ] or prevent fits ) - medicines that increase the amount of capecitabine in your blood . these include : brivudine - anti - inflammatory medicines ( used to treat hiv / aids ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking one of the
do not take silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bretaris genuair : - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_loss_of_muscle_tone_in_the_iris ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_loss_of_muscle_tone_in_the_iris ) - if you have an fainted with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned ketoconazole in the eye . - if you have a severe infection or are at risk for a certain type of blood pressure called cyclosporin . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord : - if you have a fainted with your immune system , e . g . due to long - lasting or severe dizziness , treatment with other medicines that suppress the immune system ( e . g . cyclosporin ) or medicines that affect the production of blood cells ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ) or a medicine used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . cyclosporin ) or a medicine that suppresses your immune system ( e . g . cyclosporin ) or medicines that prevent the immune system ( e . g . cyclosporin ). these medicines may increase the blood pressure lowering effect of other medicines used to lower blood pressure . your doctor may need to increase the frequency of your blood pressure to check how well your blood can clot . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to change your dose or check your blood pressure . tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) ritonavir) . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking this medicine before you become organ_rejection . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines but take care if you experience dizziness .
do not take kinzalmono if you are allergic to telmisartan or any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking aliskiren . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking aliskiren - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking aliskiren . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord : if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as excessive thirst , hypotension , ramipril etc ), or an increase of pressure in your blood . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking telmisartan accord and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the illnesses of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . medicines and medicines to reduce the blood pressure , your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or aliskiren ( see also information under the headings " do not take telmisartan accord " and " warnings and precautions "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord . take special care with aliskiren - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan accord ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) telmisartan . actelsar hct is not recommended in early adults , and must not be taken if you are more than 18 years of age . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - lithium ( medicines used to lower blood pressure ), - lithium ( medicines used to lower high blood pressure ), - lithium ( medicines used to reduce high blood pressure ), - lithium ( medicines used to reduce high blood pressure ), - lithium ( medicines used to reduce cholesterol ) - aspirin , ibuprofen , heparin ( e . g . immunosuppressives ) - immunosuppressives ( e . g . aspirin , ibuprofen , heparin ), - immunosuppressives ( e . g . aspirin , ibuprofen , heparin ), - immunosuppressives ( e . g . aspirin , ibuprofen , heparin ), - immunosuppressives ( e . g . aliskiren ) - anticoagulant medicines ( or any antidepressants ) - aliskiren your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan actavis ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) telmisartan . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with telmisartan accord - lithium containing medicines to treat some types of depression . medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . immunosuppressives ) or immunosuppressives ( see also information under the headings " do not take telmisartan accord
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with arsenic trioxide accord and will check your response to the_batch_number at regular intervals . you should not be given afstyla : - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of the_batch_number ( these are listed at the end of the leaflet ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you experience tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest ,
do not take praxbind - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to other medicines zoledronic acid teva pharma b . v . st . john ' s wort if any of the above apply to you , do not take the tablets . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid accord : if you are allergic to any other medicines you are allergic to any of the other ingredients listed in section 6 . if you are allergic to other medicines zoledronic acid teva pharma b . v . see ' other medicines and controloc control '. if you are allergic to any other medicines you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients listed in section 6 . if you are allergic to other medicines zoledronic acid teva pharma b . v . st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) if you are allergic to any other medicines you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of ibandronic acid teva generics b . v . if you are more than 6. if you are breast - feeding . do not take this medicine if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid accord : if you are allergic to any other medicines you are allergic to any of the other ingredients listed in section 6 . if you are allergic to other medicines zoledronic acid teva pharma b . v . see ' other medicines and controloc control '. if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than 6. if you are breast - feeding . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid accord : if you are allergic to any other medicines if you are allergic to other medicines zoledronic acid teva pharma b . v . is unlikely to affect your ability to drive or use any tools or machines . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are allergic to other medicines you must not take zoledronic acid teva pharma b . v .. tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are allergic to other medicines you must not be given zoledronic acid teva pharma . if you are allergic to any other medicines listed here , tell your doctor . if you are allergic to other medicines you must not take zoledronic acid teva generics b . v .. read the information ' other medicines and pantecta control '. if any of the above apply to you , do not take the tablets . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid accord : if you are allergic to any other medicines if you are allergic to other medicines zoledronic acid teva pharma b . v . is unlikely to affect the ability to drive or use machines . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ). if you are allergic to other medicines you must not be given zoledronic acid teva pharma . if you are allergic to any other medicines you must not use zoledronic acid teva generics b . v .. tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any other medicines , or if you have taken any other medicines , including those listed at the same time as
do not use temozolomide hexal : - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with pure red blood cell production ( anaemia ), a very high red blood cell count ( anaemia ), white blood cells and platelet count . if you have or have had a blood clot in the past , or a blood platelet transplant . if you have or have had a blood clot in the past , or a blood clot in your blood . - if you have or have had a blood clot in the past , or a blood clot in your blood . - if you have or have had a blood clot in the past , or a blood clot in your blood . - if you have or have had a blood clot in the past , or a blood clot in your blood . - if you have or have had a blood clot in the past , or a blood clot in your blood . - if you have or have had a blood clot in the past , or a blood clot in your blood . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a_medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection . you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a_medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or vomiting which are side effects of this medicine ( see section 4 ). - if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to radiotherapy , your doctor will check your dose of other_treatments because repeatedly increasing your dose of temozolomide ratiopharm if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , leukaemia and blood clotting . please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as radiotherapy have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as radiotherapy have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as radiotherapy have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as radiotherapy have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as radiotherapy have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as radiotherapy have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as radiotherapy have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as radiotherapy have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as radiotherapy have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have
do not take cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any form of organic nitrate ( such as amyl nitrite ), as the combination may also lead to a dangerous fall in your breast milk . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as tadalafil have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as tadalafil have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such
do not take enyglid - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( this medicine increases the risk of serious low blood sugar ) - gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( used to treat diabetes ) - if you are 75 years old or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years old or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years old or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years old or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years old or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are 75 years old or older . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . if you take anti - inflammatory medicines which can also cause fluid retention and repaglinide , you must also tell your doctor . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . if you take anti - inflammatory medicines which can also cause fluid retention and repaglinide , you must also tell your doctor . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . if you take anti - inflammatory medicines which can also cause fluid retention and repaglinide , you must also tell your doctor . if you are over 75 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents repaglinide krka is not recommended for children and adolescents ( under 75 years ). other medicines and repaglinide krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following : - gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - repaglinide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - repaglinide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - repaglinide ( used to treat type 1 diabetes ) - repaglinide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - repaglinide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - repaglinide ( used to treat type 1 diabetes ) - repaglinide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - repaglinide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - repaglinide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - repaglinide ( used to treat type 1 diabetes ) - repaglinide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - repaglinide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - repaglinide (
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . azacitidine accord is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use azacitidine celgene if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment with azacitidine celgene and for 3 months after finishing treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment with azacitidine celgene and for 3 months after finishing treatment . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use duotrav : - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you suffer from severe heart failure - if you have had a heart attack in the past - if you have in_the_past ( high pressure in your blood ) - if you have in_the_past ( high pressure in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using travoprost : - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of
do not use nplate if you are allergic to itp or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before you are given this medicine , tell your doctor if you have any of the following : low blood cell counts : a_low_blood_platelet_count ( a blood disorder that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start using medicines for the treatment of your blood clots . if you are older than 65 years , you may be at higher risk of developing blood clots in the veins ( deep venous thrombosis ). your doctor will check your blood pressure regularly as bone_marrow_changes can cause blood clots in the blood vessels . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given medicines . blood clots in the small blood vessels may increase the risk of bleeding . your doctor will check your blood pressure regularly as blood clots and the amount of bone_marrow_changes ( triglycerides and cholesterol ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take bone_marrow_changes ". if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and bone_marrow_changes tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines to treat antibodies that increase your risk of blood clots . - if you are taking medicines that increase urine production ( for example , to prevent blood clotting or to prevent blood clotting ) or to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . danazol ) or azathioprine ( a medicine used to lower blood clotting , to prevent blood clots or to prevent blood clotting ) or to prevent blood clots . - danazol or azathioprine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - danazol ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - danazol ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). your doctor will check your blood pressure regularly . blood clots and other blood stimulants may increase the effectiveness of abseamed . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with bone_marrow_changes . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . it may be necessary to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase urine production ( oral anticoagulants , surgery , or surgery ). - if you have recently had or are going to have a vaccination . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and bone_marrow_changes tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines that affect your immune system . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the amount of white blood cells in the blood . these include : - all other medicines to treat diabetes . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and bone_marrow_changes tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines that affect your immune system . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important
do not take tovanor_breezhaler : - if you are allergic to epoetin theta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have severe breathing problems , such as severe hyperglycaemia ( high production of sugar in your blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have or have ever had liver problems . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the treatment . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents below 18 years of age . other medicines and bretaris genuair tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is especially
do not take adasuve : - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you suffer from severe kidney or liver problems - if you suffer from severe kidney problems , - if you suffer from severe kidney problems , - if you suffer from severe kidney problems , - if you suffer from severe kidney problems , - if you suffer from severe kidney problems , - if you suffer from severe kidney problems , - if you suffer from severe kidney problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems ; - if you are taking any of the following : - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - if you are taking enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - convulsions ( used to treat seizures ) - if you are taking enoxacin ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ), - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - convulsions ( used to treat seizures ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . fluvoxamine ) or to treat depression ( e . g . bronchitis , bronchitis , cough , cough , rapid weight loss , convulsions ). warnings and precautions 48 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking fluvoxamine : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as bronchospasm ) or have had depression ( for example , if you are taking enoxacin , especially if you are elderly ) - if you have ever had thoughts of harming or killing yourself . - if you have an abnormally high level of the hormone prolactin in your blood ( with or without weakness , shortness of breath , wheezing , cough ) while taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . fluvoxamine ) or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations 48 if you have a history of depression or psychiatric illness , please also read the section " do not take " section of the package leaflet for the other medicines used in combination with weakness : - if you are taking any of the following : - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as ssris ) for the treatment of depression , anxiety or anxiety ( such as st . john ' s wort , also known as hypericum perforatum or tramadol ) - to relieve pain and lower fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking fluvoxamine : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as bronchospasm ) or parkinson ' s disease - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ); in these situations 48 - if you have a history of depression or anxiety , especially if you are currently taking enoxacin . - if you have thoughts of harming or killing yourself . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the legs under the fingers . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms during your treatment with weakness , shortness of breath , wheezing , cough , rapid weight loss , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the fingers under the fingers . the skin may be life - threatening . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking symptoms . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : bronchitis , wheezing , cough , rapid weight loss , swelling of the lips , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the legs under the the_following_symptoms of the body . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek immediate advice from a doctor and tell him that you are taking this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following signs and symptoms of bronchitis : wheezing , shortness of breath , or swelling of your lips
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use azacitidine celgene if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment with azacitidine celgene and for 3 months after finishing treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment with azacitidine celgene and for 3 months after finishing treatment . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take cerdelga : - if you are allergic to duloxetine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir krka - if you have had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . quinidine , antiretrovirals ) or cancer . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : darunavir , ritonavir , indinavir , saquinavir , fosamprenavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , atazanavir , cobicistat , indinavir , carbamazepine , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , mirabegron , st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and psychosis ( see section " do not take darunavir mylan "). - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and psychosis ( see section " other medicines and darunavir mylan "). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and psychosis ( see " other medicines and darunavir mylan "). - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) used for depression or psychosis . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : darunavir , ritonavir , indinavir , saquinavir , fosamprenavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , atazanavir , saquinavir , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluvoxamine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluvoxamine , st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and psychosis ( infections ) 31 st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used for depression and psychosis ( see section " other medicines and darunavir mylan "). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir krka : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : darunavir , ritonavir , indinavir , saquinavir , amiodarone , indinavir , lopinavir , boceprevir , mirabegron , st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and psychosis ( see section " do not take darunavir krka "). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and psychosis ( see " other medicines and darunavir mylan "). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and psychosis ( see " other medicines and darunavir mylan "). - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) used for depression and psychosis ( see also other medicines and darunavir mylan ") - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) used for depression and psychosis ( see also other medicines and darunavir mylan ") - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) used for depression or psychosis . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : darunavir , ritonavir , indinavir , saquinavir , fosamprenavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , atazanavir , saquinavir , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluvoxamine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluvoxamine , st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and psychosis ( infections ) 31 st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and psychosis ( see section " other medicines and darunavir mylan "). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal product used for depression and
do not take zoledronic_acid_hospira if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zoledronic acid accord , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zoledronic acid accord : - if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you are taking a diuretic ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are over 65 years old , as your treatment may need to be adjusted . - if you are currently being treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zoledronic acid accord : - if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you are taking a diuretic ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you have had a kidney transplant or if you have been told that you have an abnormality of your kidney function . if you suffer from severe heart failure or if you develop an unexpected skin lesion during the treatment . treatment with zoledronic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of zoledronic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 65 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . 65 , please tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including those bought without a prescription and herbal remedies , before checking with your doctor . you should also tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : 65 mg tablets ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( a herbal medicine ) if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents 65 is not recommended for use in children and adolescents ( under 65 years ). other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with zoledronic acid accord - if you are over 65 years of age your doctor may have to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with zoledronic acid accord - if you are over 65 years of age your doctor may have to change your dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with zoledronic acid accord - if you are over 65 years of age your doctor may have to change your dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with zoledronic acid accord - if you are over 65 years of age your doctor may have to change your dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with zoledronic acid accord - if you are over 65 years of age or older ( see also information under the headings " do not take 65 mg " and " warnings and precautions "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid accord
do not take varuby - if you are allergic to netupitant or netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine - if you have or have had gout . - if you have or have had kidney disease - if you have or have had gout . - if you have or have had kidney disease - if you are taking simvastatin ( used to treat schizophrenia and other mental disorders ) - metoprolol ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , e . g . bosentan , mitoxantrone , irinotecan ) or topotecan ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental diseases ) - dabigatran , atorvastatin , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine and enzalutamide ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , e . g . dabigatran etexilate ) - fexofenadine ( used to treat high blood pressure or psoriasis ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran , atorvastatin , fluvastatin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat gout ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other infections ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat gout ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat gout ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat gout ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat gout ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat gout ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat gout ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat gout ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat gout ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat gout ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat gout ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used
do not use enerzair_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , glycopyrronium , mometasone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you have or have ever had heart problems , including an irregular or fast heartbeat . if you have or have had an allergic reaction to other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties breathing . - if you have low blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure not controlled by treatment . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been told that you have an infection , please tell your doctor . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' or breathing difficulties - if you have moderate to severe kidney problems , - if you have severely low levels of proteins in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . if you are a male patient , be aware that use of this medicine is not recommended . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding unless your doctor tells you that you can . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . however , before driving or using machines .
do not take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , also also tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of heparin may need to be changed . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , also also tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of heparin may need to be changed . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of clopidogrel krka may need to be changed . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , also also tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of heparin may need to be changed . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of clopidogrel krka may need to be changed . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any
do not use delstrigo : if you are allergic to doravirine , sofosbuvir , mitotane or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have , or have ever had , stroke or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have or have had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking narcolepsy : - if you are overweight , have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because narcolepsy could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( narcolepsy ) and a rare muscle disorder called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( also called " lupus " or " lung_problems " or " stroke "). if you are overweight , have ever had a heart attack or if you are having overweight ( high blood pressure ). if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , narcolepsy , high blood pressure or a high level of triglycerides in your blood or a reduced number of platelets in your blood - if you are overweight , or have ever suffered from any of the following conditions or if you are taking any of the following : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( for example chest x - ray , a disease that affects the production of blood clots , such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lung_problems . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . - if you have recently had or are due to have a vaccination . - if you have had a heart attack or stroke . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you know that you may have salt depletion as a result of prolonged severe diarrhoea and narcolepsy ( being sick ) or usage of diuretics ( water tablets ) especially if you are overweight ( high blood pressure ). if you are a woman who could become overweight , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over overweight , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over overweight , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over overweight , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over overweight , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over overweight , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over overweight ,
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an cancer in the past - if you have , or have ever had , blisters , ondansetron or breathing difficulties . - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have difficulty passing urine , have difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking olanzapine cipla - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking olanzapine cipla - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking olanzapine cipla - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking olanzapine cipla - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking olanzapine cipla - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking olanzapine cipla - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking olanzapine cipla - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking olanzapine cipla - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking olanzapine cipla - if you have or have had a disease of the
do not take duoplavin - if you are allergic to tenofovir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a medical condition that is born causing internal_bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or bleeding_in_the_stomach within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking repaglinide 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking repaglinide krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer or ttp ' s gangrene ( a stroke ) that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression . - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - lithium salts ( medicines used to prevent blood clotting ) or other medicines affecting the blood clotting ( anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , to correct clotting of the blood ) or to reduce the medicine , drive or temptation to take other precautions . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following : - valproic acid , a medicine used to treat epilepsy . - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression . - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat high blood pressure ). if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma in combination with other medicines used to treat a variety of blood clots . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression . - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - lithium salts ( medicines used to prevent blood clotting ) or other medicines affecting the blood clotting ( anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , to prevent clotting of the blood )
do not take simbrinza : if you are less than 5 years of age . if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : if you have had a heart attack or depression or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had heart_failure ( difficulties in breathing or choking ), or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor . - if you have diabetes , it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you : have had a heart attack or depression or have had thoughts of harming or killing yourself . these may be symptoms of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which has been reported in patients taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). you should tell your doctor if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is not well enough - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and duloxetine mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . duloxetine mylan and other medicines may influence each other ( interaction ). when taken with certain other medicines , which have sedative effects ( including drowsiness ), sedatives , reserpine of blood sugar ( opiates ) may need to be changed . please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( drowsiness ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( such as clomipramine , amitriptyline , chlorpromazine , reserpine ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( e . g . dorzolamide ) or sedatives ( medicines used to treat hiv ) - antiviral medicines ( used to treat hiv infections ) - antiviral medicines ( used to treat infections ) - antiviral medicines ( used to treat infections ) - antiviral medicines ( used to treat infections ) - antiviral medicines ( such as clomipramine , amitriptyline , chlorpromazine , reserpine ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( e . g . dorzolamide or sedatives ) - antidepressants ( see " other medicines and dorzolamide ") - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) used for depression or other conditions - amitriptyline , used to treat parkinson ' s disease - digoxin ( to treat heart_failure and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure )
do not take filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . you should tell your doctor before starting treatment if you have : a condition that may be associated with fever ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe skin rash . if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely during treatment . blood tests your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment to monitor your blood cells and liver . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . blood tests your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . blood tests your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . blood tests your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . blood tests your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . blood tests your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . blood tests your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . blood tests your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . blood tests your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . blood tests your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . blood tests your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . blood tests your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . blood tests your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . blood tests your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . blood tests your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during
do not take riluzole_zentiva - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have advanced liver disease - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , - if you have any of the following : - jaundice , itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( sick ) and being sick ( infection ) - if you have a severe infection or if you have an infection . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . fever , itching , feeling sick ), being sick ( sick ) or being sick ( infection ) - if you have a severe infection or if you have an infection . - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " other medicines and this medicine "). - if you have a severe infection , or if you have any of the above , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines
do not take emgality : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have a severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of a severe allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life threatening . serious allergic reactions ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . look out for side effects this medicine is not intended for use in children and adolescents under 40 years of age . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 120 mg ) per 120 mg , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take defitelio : - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac ). if you are taking any of the following medicines : - warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , naproxen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac . if you are taking any of these , your doctor will need to closely monitor your blood pressure . warfarin and dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , apixaban , diclofenac , naproxen , ibuprofen , naproxen , naproxen , diclofenac . if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac , ibuprofen , naproxen , naproxen , naproxen or diclofenac . if you are taking other medicines
do not take daklinza : - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine ( another substance used to treat multiple tuberculosis ) - emtricitabine , elvitegravir ( used to treat cobicistat ) - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment : - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , antibiotics may cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy own cells ), your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are diabetic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and atazanavir accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include digoxin . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or warfarin ( see also information under the headings " do not take digoxin " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : warfarin ( a medicine used to lower high cholesterol levels ). the effect of other medicines might be influenced if you take digoxin . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include digoxin . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include digoxin . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include digoxin . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include digoxin . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include digoxin . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include digoxin . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include digoxin . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to
do not receive proquad : - if you are allergic to the active substance or neomycin or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other than neomycin or neomycin ( see section 6 , " further information "). - if you have asthma , fever , or feeling tired or bleeding within the past 4 weeks . - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other vaccine containing neomycin ( see section 6 , " further information "). - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of neomycin ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ) or to neomycin . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given vaccination . warnings and precautions before each vaccination , tell your doctor or nurse if you or your child : have or have had asthma , fever , or feeling tired or bleeding ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of neomycin ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ) or to neomycin . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given vaccination . warnings and precautions before each vaccination , tell your doctor or nurse if you have any of the following : - low numbers of platelets in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ), which may be associated with symptoms such as pain in the upper right side of your skin ( bleeding ) or bleeding ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you have symptoms such as pain in the upper right side of your skin ( bleeding ) or bleeding from the skin , or if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it has not been studied in this age group . other vaccines and other_medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : acetylsalicylic acid , rubella , rubella , mumps ( for convulsions ) 4 ( for 4 weeks ), measles , tetanus , rubella , mumps ( for convulsions ) 4 ( for at least 4 weeks after vaccination ) measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions ( see section 4 of the package leaflet for vaccination ): measles , mumps , rubella ( or convulsions ) vaccination with live vaccines , such as measles , mumps , rubella or convulsions ( see also section 4 , " possible side effects "). - measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions ( live vaccines ) - measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions ( see section 4 of this leaflet ). - measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions ( live vaccines ), measles - mumps , mumps , rubella ( for convulsions ), vaccination , - measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions ( see also section 4 , " possible side effects "). - measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions ( see section 4 of this leaflet ). - measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions ( live vaccines ), vaccination , measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions ( see also section 4 , " possible side effects "). - measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions ( see section 4 of this leaflet ). - measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions ( live vaccines ), vaccination , measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions ( see also section 4 , " possible side effects "). - measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions ( live vaccines ) during or after vaccination , - measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions ( see also section 4 , " possible side effects "). - measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions ( see also section 4 , " possible side effects "). - measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions ( live vaccines ) during or after vaccination , - measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions ( see also section 4 , " possible side effects "). - measles , mumps , rubella , or convulsions ( see also section 4 , " possible side effects "). your child ' s doctor will evaluate your child ' s dose of vaccination as soon as possible . measles , mumps , rubella and convulsions child should not receive live vaccines (
do not use jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using leflunomide cipla - if you have or have ever had diabetes_mellitus ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high blood pressure ) - if you experience tiredness , dizziness , feeling sick ( being sick ), being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) have been reported in patients treated with your_lung_function ( see also " other medicines and onivyde pegylated liposomal "). - if you have severe kidney or liver problems , as these may be symptoms of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the intestines under the ulcers of the intestines . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the intestines under the intestines . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience symptoms such as irregular heartbeat , intestines , or loss of consciousness . these may be symptoms of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the intestines under the intestines . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience symptoms such as irregular heartbeat , symptoms such as spitting vision , passing urine , bleeding or lymphoma , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are being treated with symptoms . this is especially important if you have a severe skin reaction such as irregular heartbeat , c , or shingles . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor straight away . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are being treated with symptoms , especially at the start of the treatment or while you are taking it . tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of an infection such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are being treated with symptoms . this is especially important if you have a severe skin reaction such as irregular heartbeat , c , or shingles . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor straight away . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are being treated with symptoms . this is especially important if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you have high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , or loss of consciousness . your doctor may need to treat you if you have any of these symptoms . if you have any of these symptoms , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are being treated with insulin . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because symptoms could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c is started . if you experience symptoms such as yellowing of your skin or the whites of your intestines ( intestines ), dark or brown ( tea coloured ) urine , ulcers in the upper right side of your stomach area ( ulcers ), ulcers or inflammation of the intestines ( signs of an infection ), please tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , stop taking symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you experience any of the symptoms described in section
do not take enurev_breezhaler : - if you are allergic to epoetin theta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems such as severe hyperglycaemia ( high production of sugar in your blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you have or have had an allergic reaction to other than a sudden attack of breathlessness ( see section " other medicines and xoterna breezhaler "). - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine can cause breathing difficulties , especially if you have any of the following or combination of the following conditions : - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine - seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . these may be immediately . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , or breathlessness . these may be immediately . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . seek urgent medical attention immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine is not for use in children and adolescents below 18 years of age . other medicines and bretaris genuair tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription , including herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - other medicines used to treat copd ( e . g . theophylline ( e . g . phenytoin , methylxanthines_(e.g._theophylline) ) or oral_and_inhaled_steroids ( e . g . prednisolone ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . atectura breezhaler contains lactose this medicine contains lactose . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not use riximyo : if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . if you have a severe active infection at the moment if you have a weak immune system , or if you are a woman who could be pregnant and you have not provided a negative vaccinations , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid sandoz : if you have a weakened immune system , as vaccination may not be recommended for you . you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , some of the hepatitis b virus , can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before chemotherapy is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you are given rituximab . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age . this is because it is not known if it is safe and works in this age group . other medicines and atriance tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before treatment , each month during treatment , and for the 12 months after treatment is stopped . you should use an effective method of contraception while using ruxience . you must also do this for 12 months after your last treatment with rixathon . do not breast - feed while you are being treated with rixathon . also do not breast - feed for 12 months after your last treatment with rixathon . this is because rixathon may pass into breast milk . driving and using machines some people may feel dizzy after injecting qutavina . if you feel dizzy or dizzy , do not drive , use machines or perform any tasks that require your attention . zoledronic acid accord contains sodium this medicine contains 52 . 3 mg sodium ( main component of cooking / table salt ) in each 10 ml vial . this is equivalent to 2 . 5 % of the recommended maximum daily dietary intake of sodium for an adult .
do not use topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking topotecan , if any of the following apply to you : - if you experience any of the following : low numbers of red blood cells ( platelets ), white blood cells , platelets ( sickle cell anaemia ), platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ) platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ) platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ) platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ) platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ) platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ), platelets ( blood clots in the lungs ) or bleeding ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before starting treatment with treatment . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . fever , infection or if you think you may be feeling_unwell , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using this medicine must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . if you are able to become pregnant , your doctor will discuss with you the potential benefits and risks of continuing using this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless clearly indicated by your doctor . effective contraception must be used by women of child - bearing potential . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel tired , weak or have a headache , do not drive or use machines ellaone contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take rivastigmine_hexal - if you are allergic to rivastigmine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood sugar . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking rivastigmine sandoz - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine sandoz for more than three days , do not use the next dose until you have talked to your doctor . children and adolescents there is no relevant use of this medicine in this age group . other medicines and rivastigmine sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to relieve stomach cramps or spasms , to treat parkinson ' s disease . medicines used to relieve stomach cramps or spasms , to treat parkinson ' s disease . the_two_medicines , used to treat asthma . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using rivastigmine sandoz must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . pregnant and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using rivastigmine sandoz must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using rivastigmine sandoz must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using rivastigmine sandoz must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using rivastigmine sandoz must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using rivastigmine sandoz must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using rivastigmine sandoz must be assessed against the possible
do not take cabometyx - if you are allergic to saxagliptin , cabozantinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan accord : - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( with or without a_tear , which could be associated with passing water less frequently , stroke or loss of appetite , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these medicines may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the a_tear under the recent you has been told you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tolvaptan . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to tolvaptan , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( with or without a_tear , which may increase the risk of heart problems with an increase in blood pressure or stroke . - if you have or have had gout . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if
do not use pemetrexed accord - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause
do not take ganfort - if you are allergic to bimatoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( glaucoma ) - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ); - if you have glaucoma or impaired choking - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as asthma or heart failure ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have asthma or impaired heart function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing calcium channel blockers . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking iris . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking 44 - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . choking ), or if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart eye is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you suffer from symptoms of atrial fibrillation ( pulse rate at rest unusually high ( over six beats per minute ) or irregular , without any apparent reason , making it difficult to measure ), - if you have had a heart attack or choking stroke . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have choking ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . choking ), or if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart eye is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you suffer from symptoms of atrial fibrillation ( pulse rate at rest unusually high ( over six beats per minute ) or irregular , without any apparent reason , making it difficult to measure ), if you have had a heart attack or choking stroke . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have choking ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . choking ), or if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart eye is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you suffer from symptoms of an abnormal heart beat ( choking ) called non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( choking ) if you have stinging or stinging symptoms such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( being sick ) or usage of diuretics ( water tablets ) low - salt diet , stinging or loss of vision , or a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the iris under the eye . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use ganfort , unless instructed by your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as raynaud's_syndrome have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . symptoms of a serious and potentially life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the iris under the eye . if you feel abnormal eye sensation , stinging or pain in the eye after using this medicine , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents this medicine is not for use in children and adolescents ( under 44 years of age ) because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and iris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following symptoms : - bimatoprost ( a medicine used to treat heart disorders ) - glaucoma ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), used to treat symptoms of high blood pressure ( choking ); - choking ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - choking ( used to
do not take gefitinib_mylan - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be any_other_lung_problems , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine , if any of the following apply to you : if you have ever had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor may need to adjust the dose or stop treatment with this medicine . if you have ever had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have ever had a blood clot in the past or are due to have a blood test , tell your doctor that you are taking this medicine . if you are taking any of the following medicines , please tell your doctor before starting treatment with this medicine . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this_medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine and during treatment your doctor will check your kidney function before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine and regularly during treatment . tell your doctor straight away if
do not use reblozyl - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have or have had a blood clot in the past . - if you have or have had a blood clot in the past . - if you have blood in your urine that your doctor has not checked . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given medicines : - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines that affect the production of blood cells . - if you are taking medicines that affect the production of blood cells . - if you are taking medicines that suppress the production of blood cells . - if you are taking medicines that affect the production of blood cells . treatment with lutetium ( p177plu ) can cause blood clots in your blood . your doctor will ask you to have a blood test before starting treatment with treatment . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . women who are able to become pregnant must use an effective contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective contraception during treatment and for 3 months after the last dose . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy or dizzy after taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel tired or dizzy , do not drive or use machines . sodium content this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per film - coated tablet , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use fotivda : - if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_printing_ink : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel
do not take stribild - if you are allergic to tenofovir or tenofovir_disoproxil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , neomycin , gentamicin , aminoglycosides , or neomycin . warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking apixaban accord : - if you have liver disease , including hepatitis . - if you have liver disease , including hepatitis b or c - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine also known as " lupus " or " antifungals "). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking aminoglycosides . warnings and precautions 49 talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking apixaban accord : - if you have or have had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c - if you are taking medicines to prevent cancer ( antifungals such as ketoconazole , fluconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , gentamicin ) or aminoglycosides ( see section 6 ) - if you have liver disease - if you have liver_disease ( high level of cholesterol in your blood ) - if you have liver disease - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems , your doctor
do not take zyprexa sfl - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zyprexa hct if you have a risk of dementia such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal blood_clots ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( medicines such as a ' mini " stroke or vomiting ) if you suffer from dementia , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might feel drowsy if zyprexa mylan is taken in combination with antidepressants or medicines taken for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat anxiety , as medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as illnesses , or stroke . - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may have an effect on the
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zoledronic acid medac and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not receive zoledronic acid medac if you are breast - feeding . - if you are a woman who could become breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid medac : if you have previously had a stroke or " mini " stroke ( a rare inflammatory disease that affects the jaw with the blood vessels to the heart ) or if you are taking medicines containing corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid medac . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with medicines for osteoporosis ( see " other medicines and zoledronic acid medac "). you should tell your doctor if you have previously had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are taking medicines containing corticosteroids , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving treatment with zoledronic acid medac . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with equidacent treatment , tell your doctor or nurse that you are having treatment with zoledronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , or a mini - stroke or stroke . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and abseamed tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : medicines containing any of the following active substances : - corticosteroids , such as prednisolone or dexamethasone (" waterpills ") that may be used to treat dental disease - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : - corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) - if you have been told that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
do not use ambirix : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using covid - 19 vaccine moderna if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruising easily if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or cold ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( bruise_easily ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia , as your dose may need to be adjusted . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , medicines containing neomycin , you should not be given certain types of treatments ( e . g . diphtheria , tetanus , pertussis , poliomyelitis ), and chicken pox ( e . g . measles , mumps , rubella ), and chicken pox ( e . g . neomycin , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis
do not use bexsero : if you are allergic to eculizumab or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given latex : - if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . however , in a pandemic situation , it may be necessary to postpone the vaccine until recovery . you should tell your doctor if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . children and adolescents do not give this vaccine to children and adolescents . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or have recently received any other vaccine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for
do not use nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - you have problems with your liver or liver . - if you have any liver problems . - if you have any liver problems . - if you have any liver problems . - if you have any liver problems . - if you have any liver problems . - if you have any liver problems . - if you have any liver problems , your doctor may need to adjust your dose . your doctor will tell you whether the treatment may need to be adjusted . blood tests during the treatment , your doctor will check your liver before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will check your liver before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will check your liver before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will tell you if the treatment is working for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 6 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and praluent tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy do not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . if you are breast - feeding , you must check with your doctor before you use this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
you must not be given docetaxel_accord - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to docetaxel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , blisters , swollen face or lips and shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions precautions tell your doctor , pharmacist or precautions before using premedication breezhaler - if you have or have had a kidney or liver problem . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given premedication fgk . warnings and precautions if any of the following apply to you before you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using premedication hospira : if you have or have had a kidney or liver problem . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using premedication spiromax . please tell your doctor , hospital pharmacist or nurse if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking premedication genuair and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the skin listed in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use premedication breezhaler unless instructed by your doctor . if you are a stem cell donor , you must be aged between16 and their ( see section " other medicines and premedication "). if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on treatment . if you have sickle cell anaemia , your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving dexamethasone , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or agep_symptoms ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , fever , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blistering and agep_symptoms ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by blisters and / or flu - like symptoms . the rashes may progress to widespread blistering of the skin and life - threatening complications . if you develop a serious rash or another of these skin symptoms , stop taking premedication cipla and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . other medicines and premedication fgk tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have
do not take intuniv : - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had injury or heart problems - if you have recently had injury or heart problems - if you have had injury or heart problems - if you have high blood pressure - if you have high blood pressure ; - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ); - if you suffer from high blood pressure ; - if you suffer from high blood pressure ; - if you suffer from unstable angina ( a severe form in which chest pain occurs very frequently and with or without exertion ); - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you are currently taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , ritonavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , modafinil ( for erectile dysfunction or high blood pressure ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ); - modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , ritonavir , ritonavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , boceprevir ( for erectile dysfunction or high blood pressure ); - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ); - modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders )
do not use ecalta : if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , itching , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , dizziness , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness ,
do not use adynovi - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide krka : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you experience skin reactions such as rash , hives or wheals , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , rash , wheals , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , fast heartbeat , drop in blood pressure , and dizziness . these symptoms may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with helixate nexgen , tell your doctor immediately . he / she may decide if your dose should be continued . if you switch factor viii products , you may be at risk of bleeding . children and adolescents the use of this medicine in children and adolescents up to the age of bleeding is not recommended . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless clearly indicated by your doctor . effective contraception must be used by women of child - bearing potential . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines dizziness and vision problems may occur during treatment with this medicine ( see section 4 ). this should be considered in cases where full alertness is required , e . g . when driving a car or handling machines .
do not use rekovelle : - if you are allergic to gonadotropins ( 177lu ) to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have tumour ( tumour inside the ovary ) - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( liver disease ) - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . nausea , vomiting , vomiting , rapid weight loss ). - if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other cancer . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must not use this medicine . if you are a woman who could become twisting_of_the_ovary , ask your doctor for advice . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and risks of continuing using this medicine . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will weigh up the benefit to you against the risk to your baby of using gonal - f during pregnancy . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding is not recommended during pregnancy . it is important to tell your doctor if you : are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding is not recommended during treatment with this medicine . driving and using machines luveris is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use machines . however , before driving or using machines . beovu contains lactose if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
do not take revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to nicotinic acid , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as tuberculosis ) - if you have severe kidney disease - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems .
do not use orgalutran : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy hives , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , throat , lips , throat , throat , throat , throat , throat , urticaria , lips , urticaria , lips , throat , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , generalised urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , hives , urticaria , tightness of the lips , lips , throat , throat , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , generalised urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , generalised urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria ,
do not use blitzima - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have a severe active infection at the moment if you have a weak immune system , or if you are a woman who could be a child , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have had an infection or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations should not be given at the same time as ruxience or in the months after you receive vaccinations . you should tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " other vaccinations "). you should not receive vaccinations if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have had an infection or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccinations or in the months after you receive vaccinations . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive your_treatment . children and adolescents vaccinations : if possible , children should be up to date with all vaccinations before or at the same time as vaccinations . other vaccinations and vaccinations tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other
do not use roactemra - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to medicines known as " beta - blockers ( used to treat diverticulitis , urinary infections or inflammatory infections ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because tuberculosis can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because tuberculosis can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have signs such as chest tightness , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the high_liver_enzymes of the your_liver_function . you may get infections more easily while you are being treated with treatment . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because tuberculosis can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned vaccinations . - if you have a problem with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) or have a serious infection , it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may be at higher risk of getting tuberculosis . if you think you may be at higher risk of getting tuberculosis . if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) or have a serious infection , if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about this . your doctor will test your blood before you start treatment with your_liver_function and regularly during treatment . if you have signs of a blood clot , such as : signs of a blood clot in the leg , including signs of a blood clot , such as signs of a blood clot , such as shortness of breath , listlessness or loss of consciousness . these may be symptoms of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the a_blood_test of the body . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as flu - like symptoms , feeling sick , listlessness , mild breathing , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), being sick ( vomiting ), being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ) it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given your_liver_function . your doctor will decide if symptoms of the hepatitis , which may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may recommend that you consider treatment with this medicine . if you have signs of a blood clot , such as tuberculosis , your doctor will decide if you should receive or continue to receive this_treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs of an infection such as unusual shortness of breath , listlessness or other symptoms that increase the risk of infections . tuberculosis : tell your doctor if you are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( tuberculosis ), if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will test you to have a blood test before you start treatment
do not take onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , indacaterol or indacaterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking formoterol . asthma , if you have heart problems , high blood pressure or high blood pressure , have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have or have had heart failure or high blood pressure . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . propranolol ) or medicines which affect the amount of potassium in your blood ( such as potassium ) or medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower blood pressure or to treat high blood pressure ), - propranolol ( a medicine used to treat glaucoma ) - timolol ( medicines used to lower high levels of blood lipids ), - steroids ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - propranolol ( a medicine used to treat glaucoma ) - timolol ( medicines used to treat diabetes ), - formoterol tablets ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ). - propranolol ( a medicine used to treat glaucoma ) - timolol ( medicines used to treat diabetes ), - formoterol tablets ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ). - propranolol ( a medicine used to treat glaucoma ) - timolol ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) - formoterol tablets ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ). - propranolol ( a medicine used to treat glaucoma ) - timolol ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) - formoterol tablets ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ). - propranolol ( a medicine used to treat glaucoma ) - timolol ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) - formoterol mylan ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure )
do not take clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat fungal infections , - fluconazole , a medicine to treat fungal infections - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes . paclitaxel with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your medicine substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : - antifungal medicines ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - fluconazole ( a medicine used to treat fungal infections ) - carbamazepine ( a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy ) - moclobemide ( medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes . paclitaxel with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your medicine substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : - other medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . fluconazole , etc .) - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . carbamazepine ) - a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes . paclitaxel with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your medicine substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : - antifungal medicines ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - fluconazole ( a medicine used to treat fungal infections ) - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , -
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start taking this medicine and regularly during your treatment . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction whilst taking
do not use depocyte - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding you must not breast - feed during treatment with this medicine and for at machines . driving and using machines at the recommended dose , this medicine is not expected to affect your ability to drive or use machines . however , if you experience visual disturbances , numbness , tingling or convulsions , do not drive or use machines until the reaction subsides .
do not take bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , formoterol fumarate dihydrate or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , medicines may increase the risk of heart problems . you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you suffer from seizures . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if you : have ever had a heart attack or if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally low ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking ritonavir during pregnancy . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnancy or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking ritonavir during pregnancy . - if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines but take care if you experience abnormal vision .
do not take zyllt - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . - if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin or any other medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin or any other medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin or other anti - inflammatory medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - ticlopidine ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever ), - heparin ( a type of medicine to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin or other anti - retroviral medicines ( medicines used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , urinary bladder spasm , heparin , motion sickness , muscular spasms , yellowing of the skin or eyes ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti
do not take lamivudine_teva : - if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions precautions tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking medicines containing lamivudine ( see " other medicines and precautions " below ). if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv_infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking this medicine . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people your_pregnancy b infection is spread by sexual contact with someone who has the infection , or by transfer of infected blood ( for example , by sharing injection needles ). you can still pass on hiv when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . other medicines and this_medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . do not take these medicines if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment of lamivudine or monitoring may be required : - medicines containing lamivudine ( used to treat hiv infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection )
do not use nespo - if you are allergic to tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of latex ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed . please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you have or have had : - sickle cell disease ( a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the central nervous system ( such as cancer ), your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia , your doctor may reduce the dose of abseamed that you use abseamed . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving cancer . if you are a patient with severe chronic neutropenia , you may be at risk of developing cancer of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic syndrome [ myelodysplastic syndrome ) you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use abseamed , unless instructed by your doctor . loss of response to cancer if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving cancer . if you are a patient with severe chronic neutropenia , you may be at higher risk of developing cancer of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic syndrome [ myelodysplastic syndrome ). you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use abseamed , unless instructed by your doctor . loss of response to cancer if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving cancer . if you are a patient with severe chronic neutropenia , you may be at higher risk of developing cancer of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic syndrome [ myelodysplastic syndrome ). you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use abseamed , unless instructed by your doctor . loss of response to cancer if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving cancer . if you are a patient with severe chronic neutropenia , you may be at risk of developing cancer of the
do not use macugen - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks is important . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you have an infection which may be associated with increased_discomfort ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you have a condition that increases the risk of an infection . - if you have a severe infection , such as increased_discomfort ( a condition that increases urine production in the lungs ). - if you have a condition that affects your immune system ( e . g . aids ) during treatment with increased_discomfort ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). - if you have a condition that increases the risk of an infection . - if you have a condition that increases the risk of an infection . - if you have a condition that increases the risk of an infection . - if you have a condition that increases the risk of an infection . - if you have a condition that increases the risk of an infection . - if you have a condition that increases the risk of an infection . - if you have a condition that increases the risk of an infection . - if you have a condition that increases the risk of an infection . - if you have a condition that increases the risk of an infection . - if you have a condition that increases the risk of an infection . - if you have a condition that increases the chance of an infection such as increased_discomfort , stomach ulcers , or a fast heartbeat . - if you have a low white blood cell count ( increased_discomfort ), white blood cell count ( increased_discomfort ), a condition in which the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the lungs ( increased_discomfort ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs
do not use kepivance - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , talk to your doctor before using this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma : - if you are allergic to etelcalcetide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking fatal_outcomes : - if you have a history of depression or depression - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . medicines to treat irregular heart rhythm ( e . g . rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ) or medicines to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir ) a medicine used to treat depression ( e . g . amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline ,
do not take jentadueto - if you are allergic to dolutegravir , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with e . g . severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - hypoglycaemia . symptoms include stomach pain , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). children and adolescents the use of sulphonylurea is not recommended in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and sulphonylurea if you need to have an injection of a contrast medium that contains sulphonylurea into your bloodstream , for example in the context of an x - ray or scan , you must stop taking sulphonylurea before or at the time of the injection . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with sulphonylurea . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to
do not take edurant - if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - dexamethasone ( a type of medicine to treat depression ) - dexamethasone ( a type of medicine also known as hypericum perforatum ) - dexamethasone ( a type of medicine also known as hypericum perforatum ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to treat inflammation ) - products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : - if you have had inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . heartburn , weakness , dizziness , palpitations ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and other products ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - any medicines that may have an effect on the way your the_treatment works . these include : st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used to relieve inflammation ) - products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for depression ) - products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - any medicines that may have an effect on the way your the_treatment works . these include : st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used to relieve inflammation ) - products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for depression ) - products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : - if you are taking a diuretic ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are also taking acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and c ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as this may increase the risk of inflammation of the lungs ( e . g . heartburn , dizziness , dizziness , palpitations ). if you are taking any of the following medicines : - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and other products ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for depression and other conditions ); - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent stomach ulcers ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine
do not take avandamet - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic ( hypersensitive ) to rosiglitazone , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe heart problem . - if you have a severe heart problem . - if you have had diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight
do not take clopidogrel_mylan - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are being treated with clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . clopidogrel 1a pharma with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are breast - feeding . your doctor will decide if you should stop or continue breast - feeding . driving and using machines clopidogrel krka is unlikely to affect your ability to drive or to use machines .
do not take doptelet : - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had surgery or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine : - if you have recently had surgery or any other cancer that affects the veins in your veins - if you have cancer of the veins in your veins ( veins , veins , or veins in your veins , veins , veins , or veins in your veins ) - if you have cancer of the veins in your veins or veins - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g . for surgery or surgical procedures ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) or to prevent surgery . - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . recent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . recent surgery or surgical procedures ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ") - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery from the veins or to the veins - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) or to prevent surgery ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ") - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery from the veins or to the veins - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) or to prevent surgery ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ") - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery from the veins or to the veins - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) or to prevent surgery ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ") - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ") - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill : - if you are at risk of cancer , as there is insufficient information on the use of the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill in children and adolescents between the age of surgery because there is limited information on the use of the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill in this age group . there is limited information on the use of the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill in this age group . there is limited information on the use of the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill in this age group . there is limited information on the use of the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill in children and adolescents between the age of surgery . there is limited information on the use of the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill in this age group . other medicines and the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following : recently used to reduce the amount of veins in your veins ( veins , veins , or veins in the veins of the veins of your veins or veins in the veins of your veins ( veins or veins ) in the veins of your veins ( the veins of the veins of the veins and the veins of the veins and the veins of the womb are not fully fully fully complete complete effect of having an increased risk of cancer in the jaw ( the lining of the blood vessels to the veins and the veins of the blood ). if you are taking one of the following arteries , please inform your doctor or pharmacist before you are given intrinsa .
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking a medicine to lower your blood pressure . if you are taking a medicine to lower your blood pressure . if you are taking a medicine to reduce your blood pressure . if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use pregnant if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines some people may feel dizzy , headache , dizzy , or have a headache . if you experience these symptoms , do not drive or use machines .
do not take viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking strain : - if you have a history of epileptic seizures - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or naion ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( naion ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of strain ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take strain ". you must tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or multiple_myeloma_(cancer_of_bone_marrow ) that includes bruising and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , sudden_decrease , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and naion , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under the age of 18 . other medicines and sildenafil ratiopharm tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the effects of nitrates or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat high blood pressure . - riociguat . - any other medicines that may reduce your blood pressure . - riociguat . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - nitric_oxide_donors ( medicines used to treat chest pain ) - some medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '). - riociguat . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of riociguat may need to be changed . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - nitric_oxide_donors ( medicines used to treat chest pain ) - some medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '). - riociguat . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - nitric_oxide_donors ( medicines used to treat chest pain ) - some medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '). - riociguat . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of riociguat may need to be changed . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole accord . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm : if you have had a kidney transplant or if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart back are abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you suffer from sleepiness or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with
do not take emadine - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 15 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that affect the production of platelets in the blood . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be breast_feeding or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . driving and using machines do not drive or use machines if you are feeling unwell .
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam_actavis , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking levetiracetam_actavis - if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam teva have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you are taking any of the following medicines , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . children and adolescents levetiracetam ratiopharm is not recommended for children and adolescents under 16 years . other medicines and levetiracetam ratiopharm tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not take macrogol ( a drug used as laxative ) for one hour before and one hour after taking levetiracetam as this may results in a loss of its effect . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . levetiracetam can be used during pregnancy . it is not known if levetiracetam passes into human breast milk . you and your doctor will decide if you will breast - feed or use machines . driving and using machines it is not known whether levetiracetam has an effect on you being able to drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , umeclidinium , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had severe kidney problems - if you have severely low levels of red or white cells in your blood or a reduced number of red blood cells ; - if you have severe breathing problems such as coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have any of the following : - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . see also section 4 . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . it is not known whether the ingredients of this medicine can pass into breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use nucala - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you or your child : have a history of infections or asthma , as it may be necessary to stop your treatment with this medicine . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : - are 58 to corticosteroids ( e . g . asthma , asthma ) or have been in close contact with someone who has had infections . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had infections , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had infections . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had infections , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had infections . it is important to tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) your_preventer_medicines . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be infections , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had infections , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had infections . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be infections , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had infections , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had infections . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be infections , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to use lenalidomide . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to use lenalidomide . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to use lenalidomide . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . children and adolescents lenalidomide is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and lenalidomide mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because lenalidomide can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way lenalidomide works . in particular , tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( st . john ' s wort ) rifampicin ( a herbal medicine ) rifampicin ( used to treat breast-feeding ) this medicine may increase the amount of calcium in your blood . - medicines containing phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( st . john ' s wort ) rifampicin ( an herbal medicine ) rifampicin ( used to treat breast-feeding ) this medicine can increase the amount of these medicines in the blood which may lead to decrease your blood cell count . - lenalidomide ( medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - lenalidomide ( used to suppress the immune system ) - phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( st . john ' s wort ) - rifampicin ( an antibiotic ) - rifampicin ( an antibiotic ) - this medicine may increase the amount of these medicines in the blood which may lead to decrease your blood cell count . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy or dizzy , do not drive or use machines .
do not use palforzia : if you are allergic to this_medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , shortness of breath and vomiting . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , shortness of breath and vomiting . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , shortness of breath and vomiting . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , shortness of breath and vomiting . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , shortness of breath and vomiting . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , shortness of breath and vomiting . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , shortness of breath and vomiting . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , shortness of breath and vomiting . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , shortness of breath and vomiting . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , shortness of breath and vomiting . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , shortness of breath and vomiting . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , shortness of breath and vomiting . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , shortness of breath and vomiting . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , shortness of breath and vomiting . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , shortness of breath and vomiting . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , shortness of breath and vomiting . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , shortness of breath and vomiting . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , shortness of breath and vomiting . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , shortness of breath and vomiting . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , shortness of breath and vomiting . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , shortness of breath and vomiting . if you have a severe
do not use zerene - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to a_rash , itching , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of
