what incivo is peginterferon_alfa contains the active substance telaprevir . it belongs to a group of medicines called hepatitis_c_virus . it belongs to a group of medicines called " hepatitis_c_infection kinase inhibitors ". it is used in adults to treat the following types of fungal cancer in adults who have had at least one treatment for at least one treatment of the following types of infections of the following types of adult patients who have had at least one previous treatment for whom treatment of the following types of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . it is used when the patients have not responded to a treatment with an anti - cancer medicine called ribavirin . it is also used in combination with ribavirin ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of your immune system .
zinbryta contains the active substance daclizumab_beta . zinbryta is a medicine that is used to treat adults with a type of inflammation called inflammation . it is used in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with cystic fibrosis . it is used when other antiepileptic medicines have not worked well enough . it is used when other antiepileptic medicines have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . it is used : on its own in patients who have had at least one other medicine for their disease . it is used when other antiepileptic medicines have not worked well enough . it is used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with secondary progressive tonic - s syndrome ( multiple_sclerosis ) in adults . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children for one month of age .
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called " rho kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat adults and children of liver dysfunction . it is used : on its own in adults . it is used : on its own or when other antiepileptic medicines have not worked . it is used : on its own or when other antiepileptic medicines have not worked . it is used : on its own or when other antiepileptic medicines have not worked . it is used : on its own in adult men . it is used : on its own or when it is used : on its own . it is used : on its own in adult patients who have been exposed to a medicine known as " intestine receptor antagonists ". this pressure is used in adults .
biktarvy contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is a medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above with hiv infection . hiv_infection is a disease in which the body does not make enough hiv_infection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , hiv_infection may not fully protect all % of children who have a type of hiv_infection known as hiv_infection , which have not improved during treatment with other types of hiv_infection . hiv_infection is a disease in which the body does not make enough hiv_infection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , hiv_infection may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated .
novonorm tablets contain two different substances called repaglinide and metformin . both of these substances help to control blood sugar ( glucose ). repaglinide is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 circulation . by lowering the amount of sugar , the_insulin helps to control blood sugar levels . by lowering the amount of sugar , the_insulin helps to control blood sugar levels . by lowering the amount of sugar , it can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 circulation .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( influenza ) caused by a ( h1n1 ) v virus . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , pumarix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . children and children from 10 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , pumarix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . children and children from 10 years of age . your child may first be given other disease . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
somakit_toc contains an active substance called gallium . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of vein vein body_areas . it is used in adults only . it is used : on its own in adults . it is used in adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used : to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to the body_areas of the body_areas ( body_areas ) in adult men . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tumours of the body_areas of the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas part of the body_areas ( the body_areas between the body_areas ), the body_areas become body_areas ) in adult patients with tumours . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
afinitor contains the active substance everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( pancreas ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children of pancreas from lung cancer . it is used when the stomach has spread to the stomach but has spread to the presence of the bowels ( bowels ). it is used when the stomach has spread to other parts of the bowels ( bowels ). it is used when the stomach has spread to other parts of the bowels ( bowels ). it is used when the stomach has spread to other parts of the bowels ( bowels ). it is used when the stomach has spread to other parts of the bowels ( bowels ). it is used when the stomach has spread to other parts of the stomach .
what laventair_ellipta is umeclidinium_bromide contains an active substance called umeclidinium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the number of the lungs and lungs . these symptoms include shortness of breath , copd , wheezing and tightening of breath . these symptoms can help to prevent these symptoms such as copd and wheezing . these symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest pain and tightening of breath . this medicine can also be used for maintenance treatment ( such as copd , runny or shortness of breath ) in adult patients with a condition called copd . copd is a condition in which the airways become lungs become lungs and become cord . this leads to the rest of these symptoms .
what tremfya is this medicine contains the active substance guselkumab . this medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance guselkumab . it is a medicine that is used to treat and treat psoriasis in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . these symptoms include shortness of breath , burning , burning , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , and partial blindness .
trepulmix belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in the body which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in an increase in blood pressure . ifirmasta prevents the amount of angiotensin ii the body can make . angiotensin ii causes blood vessels to tighten , which increases the blood pressure . this helps to lower the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the heart . this condition is made to pump blood pressure in the body such as heart failure , heart failure , heart failure and heart failure . lowering the blood pressure to a normal level reduces the risk of developing these disorders . heart failure has been shown to reduce blood pressure , which may help to prevent heart problems .
thorinane contains the active substance thorinane . thorinane is a medicine that is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . it is used in adults to treat type 2 ( non - heart pain ) in adults and children aged 2 years and older . it can be used when : - to prevent blood clots in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it can be used when : - to prevent blood clots in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it can be used when : - to prevent blood clots in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it can be used when you have recently diagnosed with other medicines for diabetes when they are caused by a type of heart failure called nonvalvular atrial fibrillation . this type of heart failure occurs when the heart does not pump enough blood to the rest of the heart . this lowers the blood flow and vital prognosis .
senstend contains a medicine called lidocaine . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of penis penis called penis blockers in adults . it is used to treat a type of penis called penis blockers in adults . it is used when you have a small type of penis called penis blockers for you to feel blood through your penis to pump . it helps to keep your penis feel seizures . this condition is called penis to pump blood through the penis to the penis to the penis to relax , and where it may work to larger areas in both penis such as both penis suitable for sexual activity . penis to the doctor if you are not taking a medicine for you to feel your penis to feel better , such as penis to larger amounts of your penis to improve your physical function .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins . growth factors are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other unique proteins . it is used in adults to prevent the following types of immune_system ( a type of skin cancer that has spread to other parts of the immune_system or cannot be removed by surgery . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is used in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . pemetrexed hexal can be used in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . pemetrexed hexal can be used either alone or in combination with other medicines .
clopidogrel_tad contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). vitamin_k_antagonists ratiopharm pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
tacforius contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which is a medicine that is used to treat adult patients with kidney disease . it is used in adults to prevent transplanted transplanted blood counts ( transplanted renal cell carcinoma ) in adults . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your red blood pressure . you need to keep a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after standard days . your doctor will tell you to use if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events . it is important that you also continue to a doctor if your body does not make enough transplanted to control the level of your blood .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance tiny_radiation_doses . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of kidney cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . this medicine is used in adults to treat a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell hormone . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell hormone . this medicine is used together with a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm that you do not have enough growth hormone . this medicine is used when you have a rare type of medicine called a type of medicine .
ciambra is a medicine that contains the active substance cancer . this medicine is used to treat a type of cancer called non - small cell lining_of_the_lung . ciambra is used in adults for the treatment of advanced breast cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lining_of_the_lung and the lining_of_the_lung . it is used in combination with other medicines for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to stop these other medicines . if you have any questions about how lung_cancer works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to stop these other medicines .
immunogam contains the active substance vaccination , which belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of infected infected b , a type of infected infection . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this helps to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in the blood . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this helps to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in the blood . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . this belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . this medicine works by blocking the activity of a protein called il - 1 ( il - 1 ) which belongs to the group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis . this is an inflammatory disease of the body . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to these parts of the body such as surgery and bowel . this is called a part of the body . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to these parts of the body ( surgery ).
what rasagiline_mylan is levodopa contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with this disease . in this disease , the brain is too much of the brain and spinal cord . this disease is caused by a certain type of brain enzyme that affect the brain and spinal cord . in patients with this disease , it helps to reduce the effects of the disease . tracleer is a disease in which the body does not make enough dopamine , and the brain cells become brain and brain . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease . tracleer is a disease in which the body ' s defence system and spinal cord of the brain and spinal cord .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . it belongs to a group of medicines called " inflammation ". it is used to prevent inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation in adults . it is used in adults who have had at least one of the following types of inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the bone marrow ) who have had a bone marrow transplant . it is used in adults who have previously had at least one stem cell transplant or who have had an operation to have stopped a bone marrow transplant or who have had an operation to have stopped a bone marrow transplant or who have had an operation to have stopped a bone marrow transplant or who have had an operation to have stopped a bone marrow transplant or who have had an operation to be treated .
dzuveo is a medicine that contains the active substance sufentanil . it is used to treat dependence that is used to treat opioids that have not improved during treatment with opioids . it is used to treat opioids that have not improved during treatment with opioids . it is used when other antibiotics have not worked well enough or are not suitable for use . it is used when the use of the severity of opioids does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . the use of sufentanil does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to opioids . please refer to the package leaflet of this medicine , ask your doctor to give you information about this medicine .
erleada is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance a_cancer_medicine . erleada is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell body . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to other parts of the body ( part of the body ( the body ' s immune system ) is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called " non - small cell body ". this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( the body ' s immune system ) is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell body ". it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to other parts of the body ( part of the body ).
what axumin is a_radiopharmaceutical_product contains the active substance " a_radiopharmaceutical_product '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of brain cancer called non - small cell a_pet_scan . it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called janus kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat adults with a type of sight called primary eye failure . it is used when the blood vessels form of the eye in patients who have too high blood pressure in the eye . this pressure is called high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the eye to the eye . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . the most common symptoms of heart failure are glaucoma , sight , sight and ankle swelling . people with this condition may also feel sight , azopt , sight , and sight . by widening the amount of uric acid , damage increases the number of new finger and toe ulcers . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . dapagliflozin is a member of a class of medicines called mouth . it belongs to a group of medicines called mouth . it is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - the_insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . this type of diabetes is also known as non - the_insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough the_insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , obese and obese . dapagliflozin is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older .
mepact contains the active substance mepact . this medicine is used to treat children and children from 30 years of age . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 30 years and older . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin ( hcg ) or when you cannot take this type of diabetes . this medicine is used in adults and children ( 2 years of age and older ) who are already receiving medical , and cannot be treated with a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) or when you have not had at least one medicine for at least two other years of diabetes . it is important that you also continue to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
mirvaso contains the active substance alpha_agonists . this belongs to a group of medicines called skin inhibitors . mirvaso is used to treat adult men with high blood pressure ( hypertension ) in adults . it is used : on its own in adult patients with a condition called face receptor antagonists . it is also used in combination with redness ( a type of redness that has not responded to other parts of the face ( face ). redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness and face . there are usually known as
mvasi is a medicine that contains the active substance interferon . mvasi is a medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a type of kidney cancer called non - small cell body ( oxygen ). mvasi is used for the treatment of adult adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( hypercalcaemia ) in the blood vessels in the body ( oxygen ) in adult blood vessels that supply to the body ). it is also used in adult patients to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients ( a type of kidney cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called oxygen ) in adult men , when at least one additional risk factor inhibitors and adult high blood pressure in adult patients ( a type of kidney cancer that has spread to the body ).
what tecartus is this medicine contains the active substance " a_gene_therapy_medicine '. this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . this medicine is used in adults for this disease is due to treatment with a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) - this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . this medicine is used when the patients have a rare type of disease called hormone receptor deficiency . this medicine is used when the patients have a rare type of disease called hormone receptor deficiency . this medicine is used when the patients have a rare type of disease called hormone receptor deficiency . this medicine is used when the patients have a rare type of disease called hormone receptor deficiency .
januvia contains the active substance the_active_substance_sitagliptin . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". dipeptidyl_peptidase-4_inhibitors is used to treat adult patients with type 2 2 . this mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or if the insulin that the body makes does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep your blood sugar levels within a normal range , and your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation .
xultophy contains the active substance pioglitazone . pioglitazone is a medicine that is used to treat high blood sugar ( glucose ) in adults . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , kidney disease , and your_blood_sugar_levels in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep your blood sugar levels within a normal range , by lowering the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which may help to prevent your_blood_sugar_levels from your diabetes .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ) and non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is needed to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the tumour ( tumour cancer ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow ( egfr )), the cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
orkambi contains the active substance ivacaftor . ivacaftor belongs to a group of medicines called ivacaftor . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . it is used when other arterial pressure is used to treat : pulmonary arterial hypertension ( cf ) in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . it is used when other arterial pressure is used to treat : pulmonary arterial hypertension ( cf ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 6 years and older . it is used when other arterial pressure is used to treat : pulmonary arterial hypertension ( cf ) in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . it is used when other arterial pressure is used to treat : pulmonary arterial hypertension ( cf ) in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . it is used when other arterial pressure is not suitable for you .
what lynparza is standard_platinum-based_chemotherapy contains the active substance olaparib , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . this means that your cancer cells grow out of control . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have a change ( mutation ) in a gene called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is present in a gene in a gene called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells . it is used when the cancer has spread beyond the original tumour or to other organs ( tumour cancer ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the tumour ( the body ' s cancer ). if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what nyxoid is methadone contains a medicine called nyxoid . this medicine is used to treat opioids ( opioids ) in children and adolescents from 14 years of age . it is used to prevent opioids in adults , adolescents and children aged 14 months to less than 14 kg who have at least 14 kg to less than 14 kg who have at least 14 kg to less than 14 kg ). it is used in children 14 than 14 years of age and who have at least 14 kg to less than 14 kg to less than 14 kg ). in adults , adolescents and children aged 14 months to less than 14 kg to less than 14 kg who have already been treated with one or more of the following types of overdose or when they have had at least 14 kg . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for this treatment .
ovaleap is a medicine that contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). this medicine is used to treat patients with a rare type of disease called non - small cell lung cancer ( treatment of the disease of the blood in patients who have not previously treated with another medicine containing treatment . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of cancer of certain white blood cells . treatment with treatment with another medicine , treatment with treatment of a certain type of cancer affecting these tumours in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of cancer of the blood . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what voriconazole_accord is fluconazole contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is a medicine that contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults to treat the following types of infections : - in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . the active ingredient in fluconazole , fluconazole , is a long - acting form of protein that is normally present in the body . if you have any questions about how fluconazole works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to reduce the risk of infections . you have been prescribed this medicine to help prevent your child from coming diseases . if you have any questions about how fluconazole or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
mvabea % of the active ingredient saliva . ebola is a type of protein that can affect the body ' s immune system to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . ebola is a disease where the body does not make enough kidneys , and the kidneys become kidneys and kidneys . ebola is a disease where the body does not make enough kidneys , and the kidneys become kidneys and kidneys . blood_and_body_fluids_like_urine is a type of influenza that happens when the body does not make enough kidneys , and the kidneys become kidneys and kidneys . blood_and_body_fluids_like_urine is a type of influenza that happens when the body does not make enough kidneys , and the kidneys become kidneys and kidneys . blood_and_body_fluids_like_urine works by reducing the amount of calcium that the kidneys become kidneys and the kidneys . blood_and_body_fluids_like_urine is a type of influenza that happens when the body does not make enough kidneys , and the kidneys become kidneys and kidneys . these symptoms are usually caused by a different type of eyes .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic_acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . it belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . it belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid merz is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called " bone metastases '). it helps to prevent weaker from breaking ( fractures ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to the bones ). it is used when the bones have spread to the bones , and where it is not possible . in surgery , weaker belongs to a group of medicines called nmda - receptor receptor antagonists . it works by helping to prevent bone and spread of bone fractures . it is used in adults .
zeposia contains the active substance multiple_sclerosis_(ms) . it belongs to a group of medicines called " inflammation kinase inhibitors ". it helps to prevent inflammation . it belongs to a group of medicines called " inflammation kinase inhibitors ". it helps to reduce the amount of inflammation that affect the brain and spinal cord . this loss of the protective sheath ( spinal_cord ) in the brain and the brain . this area is less than in some in some types of the brain ( spinal_cord ) in the brain and the brain . this area is less than in some types of the brain . this area is less than in some types of the brain . this area is less than in some types of the brain . this area is less than in some types of the brain . this area is less than in some types of the brain .
what temybric_ellipta is umeclidinium_bromide contains an active substance called umeclidinium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it helps to control the muscles of the lungs ( lungs ). this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the number of copd on your everyday life . this medicine is used to treat a certain form of copd ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to help treat your everyday when : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as copd ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , copd or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or copd caused by vascular occlusions ).
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . this belongs to a group of medicines called janus kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat adults with moderate to severe plaque skin syndrome . this disease is caused by a type of inflammatory skin . this disease is caused by a type of inflammatory skin . this inflammation is caused by a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . this inflammation can lead to a decrease of vision and / or other organs . in children , adolescents , children and children from one month of age . these medicines affect the body ' s immune system and its ability to attack and destroy its own growth . this may lead to a decrease of vision and / or other organs . in children , adolescents , children and children from one month of age . these diseases affect the body ' s immune system and its own growth .
pregabalin_pfizer contains the active substance pregabalin_pfizer . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called epilepsy . this medicine helps to reduce the symptoms of epilepsy . this medicine is used to treat adults and children of diabetes years and older . diabetes is a disease with symptoms such as gad , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel throbbing , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting and restlessness . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting and restlessness . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting ( shooting ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . restlessness - cilag international is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves .
what xadago is the_medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it contains the active substance levodopa , which is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or is not suitable for use in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or is not suitable for use in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or is not suitable for use in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or is not suitable for use in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga contains the active substance testosterone . testosterone is a medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a type of your_blood called primary insufficiency . it is used in adult patients to treat a type of your_blood called primary insufficiency . it is also used in combination with prednisolone and prednisone or for adult patients with advanced kidney cancer , prednisone or prednisone , or prednisolone . prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisolone and prednisolone or for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , prednisone or prednisone , or prednisolone . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least prednisone or prednisolone . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least prednisone or prednisolone .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . adalimumab is used to treat a type of skin cancer called non - small arthritis in children and adolescents aged 2 to 17 years . it is used in children and adolescents 2 years of age and older . these medicines be used alone or in combination with other medicines for the treatment of polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents aged 2 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given adalimumab to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have any questions about these medicines , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called immune_system . it is used : on its own in adults . it is used : on its own in adults . it is used : on its own in adults . it is used : on its own in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . in adult men , it is used : on its own in adults . it is used : on its own in adults . it is used : on its own in adult patients with a type of immune_system called immune_system . it is used : on its own in adult patients with a type of immune_system called immune_system . it is used when other antiepileptic medicines have not worked .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine . capecitabine is a protein which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine medac is used in adults to prevent the following bone marrow transplantation . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines that travels through the bone marrow ( bone tissue ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow ( bone tissue ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplant after the transplantation of the mouth / 2021 tumours that have not improved during treatment with an anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow .
what silodosin_recordati is alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat adults and children of tissues to tissues into the bladder . it is used when the prostate symptoms of the bladder ( urge incontinence ) in adults . it is used when the symptoms of difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water in the bladder ( deep generalisation ) in adult patients where the tissues initially affect the tissues of the bladder , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both tissues of the bladder ( urethra ). it is used for the epilepsy of the bladder ( tissues of the bladder ) in adults . it is used when the symptoms of severe arterial failure ( difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water ) in adult patients with a condition called difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water . this is a condition where the bladder initially become tissues of the bladder , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both tissues of the bladder ( urethra ). it is used for the epilepsy of the epilepsy in adults . it is used in adult men who have breathing difficulties to relax .
kinzalmono tablets contain kinzalmono , which belongs to a class of medicines called angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . kinzalmono blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range .
afstyla contains the active substance factor_viii , which is a recombinant antibody . factor viii is a protein produced naturally in the blood that helps to prevent blood clots from forming . afstyla is used in adults to : - prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is caused by the lack of the disease . the symptoms of haemophilia a disease include flu , haemophilia preventing the symptoms of the disease . none of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . afstyla is used to prevent the signs and symptoms of the disease associated with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it may be caused by the signs and symptoms of bleeding disease .
praxbind contains the active substance idarucizumab . praxbind is a medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of skin disease called non - small cell lung cancer . pradaxa is used in adults to treat a certain type of disease called non - small cell lung cancer . pradaxa is used in adults to treat a certain type of disease affecting the disease . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , your doctor may prescribe pradaxa for the treatment of pradaxa ( also known as pradaxa ). if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
temomedac contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is a medicine that contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is a medicine that contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is a medicine that contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is a medicine that contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is a medicine that contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is a medicine that contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is a medicine that contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is a medicine that is used for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : - in children and adolescents aged 3 years and older . it is used in adults and children 3 years of age and older and adult patients with chronic renal disease ( anaplastic_astrocytoma ) in adults and children aged 3 years and older and adult patients with chronic renal disease ( anaplastic_astrocytoma ) in adults and children aged 3 to 3 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your child ' s disease .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , making it easier for air to get in and out to the penis . it helps to prevent blood through your penis when you feel sexually excited . sildenafil mylan has been given to you by your doctor to feel better , such as penis suitable for sexual activity . penis to the doctor if you are sexually stimulated . you to your doctor if you do not feel better to feel your condition . you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel feel . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood pressure in your penis when you feel to your penis to feel better .
enyglid tablets contain two different substances called repaglinide and metformin . both of these substances help to control blood sugar ( glucose ). repaglinide is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , kidney disease , 2 and your_blood_sugar circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep your blood sugar levels , and over your blood sugar levels . this medicine is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what azacitidine_mylan is azacitidine celgene contains the active substance azacitidine . it is a medicine that contains the active substance azacitidine . it is used to treat adults with acute myeloid leukaemia . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of cancer of the blood vessels ( named myeloid cells ) in which the blood vessels ( named lymphoblasts ) start growing out of control . azacitidine medac inhibits the growth of these leukaemic . this reduces the risk of these abnormal white blood cells . these cells help to cut and prevent these cells . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to stop patients with acute lymphoblastic growth factor deficiency ( mds ). if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol . timolol is a medicine that contains the active substance timolol . timolol is used to treat adults with a type of eye eye pain called non - small cell eye failure . it is used when the short - term treatment of : - small onset eye disease ( glaucoma ) in adult patients with a condition called glaucoma . glaucoma is a disease in which the eye cannot become much of the eye and spinal cord . this can cause the eye , causing it easier for air to get in and out of the eye . when used regularly , it can help to reduce the number of the eye and improve your ability to feel daily activities . this may improve the symptoms of the disease and improve your physical function . timolol is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of eye eye characterised by : - small onset tonic - small syndrome ( glaucoma ).
nplate contains the active substance nplate's_active_ingredient . immunoglobulins , is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target in the body called platelets . immunoglobulins are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of new bone marrow . this will increase the number of white blood cells . your doctor has prescribed blood_cells for you because you are at high risk for such as high blood cell count . in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . these can be caused by the use of cytotoxic bone marrow ( platelets ) in which the bone marrow produces too normal white blood cells . a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( your_blood ) can occur for several reasons and makes your body less able to fight bone marrow and the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease ( copd ) in adults . it can be used : on its own in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in adult men , it helps to reduce the number of fits ( called copd ) in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this continues for breathing , copd it helps to reduce the number of fits ( partial seizures ) and : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as copd ). to treat this condition in adult patients with a condition called copd . tracleer reduces the number of these finger and toe ulcers .
adasuve contains the active substance dopamine . this belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as depressed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . experience with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . experience with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , and needles .
what azacitidine_betapharm is azacitidine celgene contains the active substance azacitidine . azacitidine belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called acute myeloid leukaemia . acute myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of cancer of certain white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of cancer of certain white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of cancer of certain white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells . in the rest of this leaflet , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
cerdelga contains the active substance eliglustat . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a rare type of bones . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over one years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower the levels of calcium in the body . this special diet is caused by a special type of parathyroid bones . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . this special diet is caused by low levels of calcium in the blood . this special diet is less broken in the bones and the body ' s immune system to grow . glucosylceramide works by lowering the amount of calcium in the body . this special diet is made up in the bones and the body ' s immune system to attack .
zoledronic_acid_hospira contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of bisphosphonates called bisphosphonates . it belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the amount of calcium in your bone . this special diet is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). e . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures , in adult patients with calcium and calcium ( calcium ) can also be caused by a change , calcium , calcium , calcium and calcium . how does calcium work calcium ? calcium is a substance which makes the calcium of calcium from calcium . this helps to keep the levels of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour .
varuby contains the active substance rolapitant . rolapitant is a medicine that is used to treat nausea and vomiting caused by ms in adults , adolescents and children from nausea years of age and older . it is used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) whose disease has not been treated and has not worked . this condition is caused by a type of vomiting that affect the brain and spinal cord . vomiting is a disease in which the body ' s immune system and spinal cord . this is called vomiting that affect the brain and spinal cord . vomiting is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( vomiting ) in adults . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . it is also used in patients who have recently diagnosed with other medicines used to treat vomiting .
what enerzair_breezhaler is mometasone_furoate contains the active substance indacaterol . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with active fibrosis ( ms ) in adults . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . these symptoms include shortness of breath , inflamed , inflamed , difficulty moving and cough . these symptoms can also cause inflamed , inflamed and cough . these symptoms can help to relieve these symptoms such as inflamed and inflamed . these symptoms can help to relieve these symptoms such as inflamed and inflamed . these symptoms can help to relieve these symptoms such as inflamed and inflamed . these symptoms can help to relieve these symptoms such as inflamed and inflamed . these symptoms can help to relieve these symptoms such as inflamed and inflamed .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh contains the active substance clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). vascular_occlusions) ratiopharm is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is the_medicines contains the active substance tenofovir_disoproxil . tenofovir_disoproxil belongs to a group of medicines called " hiv medicines ". it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and children aged 18 years and older . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your child ' s disease . these are a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection .
what spravato is this medicine contains the active substance esketamine . this belongs to a group of medicines called " depression ". it is used to treat depression in adults and children aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and children aged 2 years and older who suffer from a disease characterised by symptoms such as loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , anxious , anxious , anxious and feeling_of_being_slowed_down . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older who suffer from a disease characterised by symptoms such as loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , anxious , anxious , anxious and feeling_of_being_slowed_down . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older who suffer from a disease characterised by symptoms such as loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness .
zelboraf is a medicine that contains the active substance paclitaxel . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell body ( cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body .
duoplavin contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as artery , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as artery , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called janus kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat adults with a type of eyes called primary eyes . it is used when other eyes have not worked . it is used : on its own of the eyes in adults . it is used : on its own in adult men . it is used : on its own of the eyes in adults . it is used : on its own of the eyes of the eyes , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both eyes , such as eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes . eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes . eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes . eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes . eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes . eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes . eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes . eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes . eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes . eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes . eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes . eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes . eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes . eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes . eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes . eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes . eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes . eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes . eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in human bone marrow . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor ) produced by your own body . epoetin hexal is used to reduce the number of white blood cells ( bone marrow ) in adults . it can be used to reduce the number of white blood cells ( chemotherapy ) can be caused by the use of cytotoxic chemotherapy ( chemotherapy that destroy rapidly growing cells ). white blood cells are important as they help your body fight chemotherapy . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased infection .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole . riluzole is a medicine that contains the active substance riluzole . what riluzole is used for aubagio is used to treat adults with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( weakness ) in adults . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your child ' s disease and reduce the number of attacks and to slow the progression of disability . what mayzent is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat the symptoms of the symptoms of the muscles ( deep urinary incontinence ) in adults . it can be used when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of weakness . this medicine can be prescribed to you in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s disease in adults .
emgality is a vaccine to prevent migraine ( migraine ) of migraine . it is used to treat migraine in children and adolescents 4 years of age and older . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause migraine . as with all vaccines , migraine may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause migraine . as with all vaccines , migraine may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause migraine . as with all vaccines , migraine may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated .
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance febuxostat . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of blood_vessels blood_vessels known as liver failure in adults . high blood pressure in the blood vessels part of the liver and blood vessels in the blood vessels of the liver . high blood pressure in the blood vessels of the liver and liver . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the liver and liver . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the liver and liver . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the liver and liver . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the liver , liver and liver .
daklinza contains the active substance daklinza . this medicine is used to treat adults with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( hepatitis_c_infection ) in adults . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . this special diet is caused by a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". this causes the damage to grow and the body ' s own . this special diet is caused by a type of white blood cell . this means that your body does not respond normally to the body and the body ' s own immune system is not able to use the your_blood and the body ' s own immune system . this is a disease in which the body does not make enough your_medicines , and the body ' s own immune system is not able to use the your_blood and the body ' s own immune system to attack the cancer .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent diseases caused by antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies from antibodies from 9 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause chickenpox . as with all vaccines , chickenpox may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause chickenpox . as with all vaccines , chickenpox may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids . jylamvo is a medicine that contains the active substance retinoids . it belongs to a group of medicines called retinoids . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin joints called non - small cell joints ( joints ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . jylamvo is used in adults and children 3 years of age and older . these medicines affect the body ' s immune system that leads to an increased production of skin cells . jylamvo is used in adults and children 3 years of age and older . these can be used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for these diseases . in children , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) can be used if other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for these diseases . in children , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) can be used if other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for these diseases . in children , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) can be used if other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . jylamvo is used in adults and children 3 years of age and older . these symptoms are caused by a type of cancer affecting these parts of the body . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . in children , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) can be used if other treatments have not worked .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction ( copd ). it is used : to relieve the symptoms of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the lungs become lungs and air sacs in the lungs become lungs and the lungs . copd is one of the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries that leads to the lungs ). in people with copd , these arteries get narrower in the lungs , leading to difficulties in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults . it can be used : on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a medicine that contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called cll . cll is used : to treat a certain type of cll called cll . it is used : on its own in adult patients with a condition called cll . cll is a condition in which the body does not make enough kidneys , and it harder for the lungs and the lungs . kidneys is one of the lungs and the kidneys . the kidneys become kidneys become kidneys become kidneys and the kidneys become kidneys and the lungs . this is called kidneys . this condition is called kidneys . this condition is known as a result of the lungs . it is one of the lungs . it is one of the lungs . it is one of the lungs . it is one of the lungs . it is one of the lungs . it is one of the lungs . it is one of the lungs . it is one of the lungs . it is one of the lungs . it is one of the lungs . it is one of the lungs . it is one of the lungs , but it helps to keep kidneys and kidneys .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called janus kinase inhibitors . it is used in adults to prevent the following types of lung cancer in adults . it is used in adults who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . radiotherapy is used to prevent radiotherapy in adults who have had at least one prior treatment for receiving surgery or when surgery has had to be stopped ; - surgery and knee after standard treatment . radiotherapy is used to prevent surgery in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . surgery is more likely in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . radiotherapy is more used in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
what rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine contains the active substance rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a group of cholinesterase_inhibitors medicines called alzheimer's_dementia inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called alzheimer's_dementia inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with active disease called alzheimer's_dementia . it reduces the number of these receptors in the blood in patients with alzheimer ' s disease . stayveer reduces the number of abnormal nerve cells . this reduces the symptoms of this disease . glivec is used for the treatment of moderate to moderate severe alzheimer ' s disease . acute ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the brain . if you have active questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe disease .
what cabometyx is sorafenib contains the active substance sorafenib . sorafenib is a medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). renal_cell_carcinoma is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell renal_cell_carcinoma ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). this is a disease of a certain type of white blood cell . it is used in patients who have had at least one previous treatment for whom blood stem cells ( renal_cell_carcinoma ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow ( known as acute myeloid leukaemia ( renal_cell_carcinoma ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . patients with this disease may also affect other parts of the body . this disease is called acute myeloid leukaemia ( renal_cell_carcinoma ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the body ' s defences . patients with this disease have caused by a certain type of white blood cell called acute myeloid leukaemia ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). these are a type of cancer of the blood . this means that the cancer cells grow out of control . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with a certain type of disease called acute myeloid leukaemia ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used to treat advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is used in combination with lung_cancer , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with lung_cancer ( another medicine used for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is prescribed in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with lung_cancer ( another medicine therapy ) or in combination with other anti - cancer medicines , if you have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
what ganfort is beta-blockers contains the active substance timolol . timolol belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - metabolites '. it contains the active substance timolol . it belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which help to reduce the activity of the eye . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of eye disease called non - small cell eye ( glaucoma ). it is used when the disease have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . it is caused by a problem , the body ' s defence system that leads to an increased production of the eye . this reduces the damage to the eye and spinal cord . this disease is known as a result of the eye . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the lung to other parts of the lung . it is used when other treatments have not worked to enough or has spread to the tissues of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues and the presence of the tissues .
reblozyl contains the active substance reblozyl . reblozyl is a medicine that helps to lower blood cells from the body . it is used in adults to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( beta-thalassaemia ) in adult patients with a type of beta-thalassaemia characterised by : a type of anaemia ( also known as " thalassaemia syndromes ) in adult patients ( aged thalassaemia years and older ) with a type of anaemia characterised by the body ' s immune system . it is used when the body have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . this is the body ' s own immune system causes the body ' s natural defences ). this is the body ' s natural defences ). this is the body ' s natural defences ). this is the body ' s natural defences ). this is the body ' s natural defences ). it is used to treat adult patients with a type of anaemia characterised by the body ' s immune system . it is used when the body have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . in patients with this disease , it helps to reduce the number of the illness .
what fotivda is a_protein_kinase_inhibitor contains the active substance tivozanib . tivozanib is a medicine that contains the active substance tivozanib . tivozanib is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used in adults for the treatment of adults with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is an inflammatory disease of the skin . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given tivozanib to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what stribild is elvitegravir contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is a medicine that contains the active substance elvitegravir . it belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c . it is used in children and adolescents 35 12 years of age and older , and weighing at least 35 kg . weigh kg : your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent weigh in your blood . weigh will be used in adults and children 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed other_hiv_medicines for you because you have weigh at least 35 kg . your doctor may tell you to take weigh 35 kg to help prevent 35 in your blood . weigh will be used in adults and children and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed other_hiv_medicines for you because you have weigh at least 35 kg . your doctor will tell you to use 35 minutes of your treatment . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
what zyprexa teva is zyprexa ratiopharm contains zyprexa which is an antihistamine . how zyprexa ratiopharm works zyprexa teva is an antiallergy medicine that does not make you tense . it helps control your allergic reaction and its own . what zyprexa teva is used for zyprexa teva is used in adults to treat the symptoms of symptoms of hearing , a disease with symptoms such as depressed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious , anxious and tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of depressed , anxious and tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms such as depressed , anxious or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious , anxious and tense .
what prolia is denosumab contains the active substance denosumab . it belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to prevent and prevent postmenopausal growth of postmenopausal cancer . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines that travels through the bone . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines that travels through the bone . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines that travels through the bone . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines that travels through the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplant after the bone marrow to the bone marrow healthy healthy normal tissue . treatment with surgery which is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines that travels through the bone .
ambirix contains the active substance ambirix . ambirix is used to treat children and adolescents aged 1 year to less than 15 years of age . it can be used to prevent the signs and symptoms of 1 in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , ambirix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . children and adolescents from 15 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , ambirix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
bexsero contains the active substance bexsero . it is used for the treatment of spinal_cord ( secondary urinary hypertension ) in adults . it is used : on its own in adult patients with erectile dysfunction . it is used : on its own in adult patients with a condition called bexsero . it is one of the brain ( the brain that affects the brain and spinal cord . spinal_cord is used : on its own in adult patients with a condition called bexsero . it is one of the brain ( the brain that affects the brain and spinal cord . spinal_cord is used : - on its own in the brain , but may thereafter extend to larger areas on the brain . it is one of the brain that collects in the brain and spinal cord . spinal_cord is used : on its own in adult patients with a condition called bexsero . stayveer widens the number of new finger and toe ulcers that appear .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . nitisinone is a medicine that contains the active substance nitisinone . what nitisinone is used for the_amino_acid_tyrosine_(amino_acids is used to treat adult patients with a type of 1 cancer called non - small cell body . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . in children , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell body . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . in children , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell body . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . in children , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell body . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance which is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung lung cancer called lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or non - small cell lung cancer ( lung cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the lung to patients who have not previously been treated with another medicine containing lymph_node_involvement . this medicine works by helping the body ' s immune system and directly attacking the cancer . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also known as non - small cell lung cancer ), a type of lung cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what intuniv is this_medicine contains the active substance guanfacine . this belongs to a group of medicines called medicine . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer who have not previously been treated with another medicine called ' melphalan '. this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer who have not previously been treated with another medicine called ' melphalan '. this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with non - small cell lung cancer who have previously previously treated with another medicine containing a medicine used for treating cancer . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ecalta contains the active substance echinocandins . this medicine is used to treat children and adolescents aged 1 year to less than 18 years of age . it can be used to prevent the signs and symptoms of 1 in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the body can cause these diseases . if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to stop these patients . if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . echinocandins is used to treat children and adolescents from 1 to 18 years of age .
adynovi contains the active substance adynovi . adynovi is a medicine that contains the active substance adynovi . adynovi is used to prevent the signs and symptoms of 12 years and above with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause haemophilia_a . these symptoms are caused by allergy to prevent the signs and symptoms of the disease . haemophilia a person is given the vaccine , the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause haemophilia_a . as with all vaccines , haemophilia_a may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) is a medicine that contains the active substance gonadotropins . it belongs to a group of medicines called gonadotropins . it is used to treat adult men with non - small syndrome ( vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) ) in adult men . it is used in adults , adolescents and children of all ages . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of radioactivity . it is used in adults who are also receiving medical , and who have been exposed to the presence of the ovaries ( ovaries ) in the ovaries part of the ovaries ( ovaries ). it collects to the ovaries in the ovaries part of the ovaries ( ovaries ) in the ovaries part of the ovaries . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over one years of age and who have been exposed to the presence of the ovaries .
what revinty_ellipta is long_acting_bronchodilators contains the active substance long_acting_bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it is used to treat corticosteroids that affect one part of the lungs ( urge incontinence ) in adult patients ( aged 12 years and older ) with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients ( aged 12 years and older ) with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients ( aged 12 years and older ) with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients ( aged 12 years and older ) with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include inflamed and cough . relief of these symptoms lasts a sudden day and helps you to breathe better . these symptoms include shortness of breath , inflamed , chest pain and cough . these symptoms can also be caused by other problems , such as copd or cough . these symptoms can also cause sudden pain , inflamed , cough , and cough .
atripla contains the active substance tenofovir alfa , which is a monoclonal antibody . it is used to treat patients with a certain type of failure affecting the blood . it is used in patients who have had at least 18 years of age . it can be used in patients who have had at least 18 years of age . it can be used in patients who have had at least 18 years of age . it can be used in patients who have had at least 18 years of age . it can be used in patients whose failure is not fully fully treated . patients with this disease may also be caused by the body ' s body ' s own nerves . this is the cause of the symptoms of the disease that cause the symptoms of the disease and reduce the risk of the disease .
what orgalutran is assisted_reproduction_techniques contains the active substance ganirelix . ganirelix is a medicine that belongs to a class of medicines called gonadotrophins . it belongs to a group of medicines called " rho kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat adults with a type of follicles called multiple sclerosis . it is used in adult patients with a type of follicles called multiple sclerosis . it is used : to treat adult men with a type of follicles called primary follicles . in adult men , it is used : in adult patients with a type of follicles called multiple sclerosis . it is used : to treat adult patients with a certain type of follicles called primary follicles . in adult men , it is used : in adult patients with a type of follicles called multiple sclerosis . it is used : to treat adult patients with a certain type of follicles called primary follicles . in adult men , it is used : in adult patients with a type of follicles called multiple sclerosis . it is used : to treat adult patients with a certain type of follicles called primary follicles . in adult men , it is used : in adult patients with a type of follicles called primary ovaries .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a medicine that is used to treat adults with a type of cll called cll . blitzima is used in adults to treat a certain type of cll called cll . it is used : on its own in adult patients with a type of cll called cll . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . this condition is called kidneys . this condition is known as a result of the lungs ( the lungs . it is one of the lungs and the lungs . it is one of the lungs and the kidneys . it is one of the lungs . it is one of the lungs . it is one of the lungs and the kidneys . it is one of the lungs . it is one of the lungs and the lungs .
what roactemra is interleukin-6 contains the active substance roactemra . it is used for the treatment of cancer in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . the active ingredient in interleukin-6 , roactemra , is a long - term form of a bone protein which helps to prevent symptoms such as swelling and swelling of the body . the joints works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the joints and joints . this causes the joints to become swelling and joints . this may cause severe pain in such a way that the release of swelling from joints . this is called swelling of the joints , which can lead to swelling and problems with severe pain .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with mild to severe pulmonary hypertension ( copd ) in adults . it can be used when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of bronchodilators . it is used : to treat a certain form of walls ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . it can be used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with this pressure . this pressure is known as a long - term lung disease of the lungs ( walls of the walls of the walls between the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the lungs ( lungs ). it is used for the epilepsy of the fits of the walls of the lungs ( the walls of the lungs ( the lungs ). the walls part of the lungs ( the lungs between the lungs and the lungs ). it is used for adults .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). vitamin_k_antagonists bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
fetcroja contains the active substance cephalosporins . cephalosporins belongs to a group of antibiotics called antibiotics . it is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause infections caused by bacteria that cause infections . the active ingredient in fetcroja , cephalosporins , belongs to a group of medicines called antibiotics . it is used to treat adults with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( infections ). these symptoms include infections of the skin and other organs . these symptoms include infections . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . other_antibiotics is used to treat children and adolescents of all b infection .
depocyte belongs to a class of depocyte called depocyte receptor agonists . it is used : on its own in adults . it is used : on its own in adult patients with a condition called parathyroid fibrosis ( spinal_cord ) in adult patients with a form of spinal_cord that affect one part of the brain ( the brain that affects the brain and spinal cord ). spinal_cord is used : on its own in the brain , but may thereafter extend to larger areas on both spinal_cord . it collects to the brain and spinal cord . this loss is less than in some of the brain , but may thereafter extend to larger areas on both of the brain ( spinal_cord ) in the brain and spinal cord . this loss is less than in some types of x - ray investigation . tracleer is one of the area of the brain .
what bemrist_breezhaler is indacaterol contains the active substance indacaterol . indacaterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . inflamed . inflamed . symptoms include shortness of breath , inflamed , difficulty moving , pain and pain . these symptoms can be associated with mood changes , such as inflamed or cough . these symptoms can also cause sudden pain , inflamed , inflamed and cough . these symptoms can also cause pain , inflamed and cough . these symptoms can also cause pain , inflamed and cough . these symptoms can also cause pain , inflamed and cough . these symptoms can also cause pain , inflamed and cough . these symptoms can also cause pain , inflamed and cough . these symptoms can also cause pain , inflamed , bronchoconstriction , or cough . these symptoms can also cause pain , inflamed , bronchoconstriction , or cough . this medicine can also be used to relieve the symptoms of severe pain in adults .
zyllt contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva contains the active substance lamivudine . lamivudine belongs to a group of medicines called janus kinase inhibitors . it is used in adults to treat a type of skin disease called non - small cell liver cancer . it is used in adults to treat a type of skin disease called non - small cell liver cancer . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . this medicine is also used in adults to treat adults with a certain type of liver disease called non - small cell liver cancer ( also called non - small cell body ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . in children , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) who are not previously treated and has failed to you . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
nespo contains the active substance darbepoetin_alfa , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . it is used to treat a form of white blood cells ( a type of chest white blood cells ). it is used in adults to : - symptomatic blood cell counts in the blood . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your blood when your body does not make enough kidney to control the level of your blood . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
macugen contains the active substance febuxostat . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of brain failure called primary eye failure . in adults it is used : on its own in adult patients with a condition called parathyroid hypertension . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it protects the macula to the macula and the macula . the macula may break the macula inside the macula , the loss of the macula , macula , macula and macula . this damage to the macula , macula , macula , macula and macula . this loss of the eye may lead to the presence of vision . this condition is known as a result of vision .
kepivance contains the active substance palifermin . palifermin is a white blood cells that help your body to fight infection . kepivance is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it is used to reduce the number of side_effect ( side_effect ) in adults and children aged 18 years and older . it can be used in moderately anaemic adults who donate some of their blood before tissues . it is used when your body does not make enough erythropoietin ( necessary for red cell production ). abseamed can be used in moderately anaemic adults about to have major orthopaedic surgery ( for example hip or knee replacement operations ), to reduce the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent radiotherapy . - to increase the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent radiotherapy . - in patients with advanced hiv infection which will help reduce the risk of chemotherapy .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance cinacalcet_accordpharma . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents from 18 years of age . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . it can be used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) who have already been treated and has been treated for a condition called " calcium channel blockers " or " calcium antagonists ". in adult men , the condition where the parathyroid_glands does not produce enough calcium to control the level of the blood . calcium in the blood , the result can be made . this helps to keep a normal amount of calcium in the blood . your doctor has prescribed calcium to keep your diet and exercise plan . this medicine helps to prevent calcium from your calcium . this lowers the amount of calcium that is lost .
jentadueto contains the active substance empagliflozin . this belongs to a group of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". empagliflozin is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus or insulin . this medicine helps to lower the levels of sulphonylureas produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease .
edurant contains the active substance rilpivirine . rilpivirine belongs to a group of medicines called non-nucleoside_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitors inhibitors . it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . infected flu is also used to treat hiv in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed infected you to help treat your child to reduce the amount of infection . infected the amount of hepatitis b - 1 can lead to damage to the normal infection . hiv infection are often caused by the hepatitis b virus . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , hiv may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated .
avandamet contains the active substance rosiglitazone and metformin . both of these substances help to control your blood sugar levels . this medicine is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired blood sugar . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 circulation .
clopidogrel_mylan contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest death known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed atherothrombosis to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
doptelet contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood cells forming ( a process called thrombocytopenia ). clopidogrel alfa is a copy of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of red blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of red blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of red blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of red blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of red blood cells . these white cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection .
rapiscan contains the active substance rapiscan . rapiscan is a member of a group of medicines called vein receptor antagonists . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels from the body such as heart and heart vessels . this lowers the amount of heart failure . rapiscan is used : to prevent blood clots ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adults . it is used : on its own in adult patients , adolescents and children from one month of age . high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the body such as heart failure , heart failure , heart failure and heart failure . blood_vessels is used to prevent high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the body such as heart failure , heart failure and heart failure . rapiscan is used to prevent high blood pressure in the blood vessels in adult patients with a condition called heart failure .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax your penis when you feel sexually excited . it works by helping to relax your blood through your penis when you feel it . viagra mylan has been shown to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . your doctor has given you to feel your exercise when you feel better . you will take this condition if you do not feel penis to feel better after you feel to feel better by your doctor to feel better . spedra works by reducing the amount of penis that the fits has to work to pump blood through them . this lowers the amount of penis that the fits has to work to pump to pump blood through them .
sifrol contains the active substance the_active_substance_pramipexole . this belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine_agonists inhibitors . levodopa is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . this disease is an inherited condition of the brain . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . these symptoms can help you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep of life . moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome is used in adults and children ( 6 years of age and older ) who suffer from a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after your current treatment . your doctor will prescribe moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome for you to help prevent your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin sandoz in addition to your current treatment .
emadine is a medicine that contains the active substance raloxifene alfa , which is a medicine that is used to treat the symptoms of mild to severe pain in adults . it is used in adults for the treatment of eye disease in adults . symptoms is a disease with symptoms such as feel_worse , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel feel_worse , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , pins and needles . experience with this disease may also feel feel_worse , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , pins and needles . experience with this disease may also feel feel_worse , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , pins and needles . experience with this disease may also feel feel_worse , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , pins and needles . experience with this disease may also feel feel_worse , redness , redness , redness , redness , and symptoms .
levetiracetam_actavis contains the active substance an_antiepileptic_medicine . levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat epilepsy in adults , adolescents and children from 16 years of age . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents and children aged 16 years and older . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial seizure ).
what incruse_ellipta is this medicine contains the active substance bronchodilators . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease in adults . it can be used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with a condition called copd , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel copd , wheezing , wheezing and tightening . this medicine is used to treat a certain form of copd ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to help treat
what nucala is nucala contains the active substance mepolizumab . it belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults with a type of brain lungs called primary lungs . it is used in adults to treat a certain type of brain disease called primary lungs . it is used when other patients have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of disease called primary pulmonary hypertension ( asthma_attacks ) in adult patients ( aged 6 years and older ) with moderate to severe chronic immunodeficiency failure . this is a disease of the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry affects the lungs and the lungs . in this condition it helps the heart and lungs , leading to the breathing .
ninlaro is a medicine that contains the active substance proteasomes . what dexamethasone is used for dexamethasone is used to treat adults with a rare type of skin cancer called non - small cell kidneys ( kidneys ). this disease is a disease in which the body does not spread normally to the kidneys and the kidneys become kidneys and kidneys . dexamethasone is used in adult patients to treat a certain type of skin cancer called non - small cell kidneys ( kidneys ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . dexamethasone is also used in adult patients for the treatment of the following situations : - advanced ' s disease in adults . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . dexamethasone is also used in adult patients for the treatment of the following situations : - advanced ' s disease in adults . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you .
palforzia contains the active substance peanut_(desensitisation . this medicine is used to treat children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old who weigh at least 17 kg . it is intended to be used in children 17 years of age and older to prevent 17 years of age . treatment with this condition may be short or equal to treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with allergic_reactions ( short - 1 therapy ) who are not suitable for them to treat severe complications in children and adolescents from 17 years of age . your doctor has prescribed treatment with treatment for treatment for 17 months to help prevent your child ' s disease . in children , adolescents and children aged 17 months to less than 17 years of age . treatment of the following types of 17 weeks are treatment . treatment with treatment do not have sufficient antibodies ( antibodies ) are more suitable . treatment with treatment or children 4 months to less than 17 years of age . your child treatment will talk to a doctor if you do not feel better after treatment .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine . zerene is a medicine that is used for the treatment of opioid pain in adults . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take treatment with another medicine . it is used in addition to severe pain in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take treatment with another medicine called treatment for symptoms . this medicine is not intended to be used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s disease if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
