the name of this medicine is incivo . its common name is peginterferon_alfa . ribavirin is a hepatitis_c_infection which belongs to a group of medicines called chronic_hepatitis_c_infection . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously previously previously treated with an anti - fungal medicine , called ribavirin . it will be used alone or in combination with other medicines . it is also used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of the hepatitis c virus . it is used in combination with other medicines called ribavirin . it is also used in combination with ribavirin , although it is also used in combination with ribavirin .
zinbryta is used to treat adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients who have had at least one other treatment ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : demyelination is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( multiple_sclerosis ), including the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the nerves and stops the nerves from working properly . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the nerves and stops the nerves from working properly . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord .
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called " wilson's_disease receptor agonists ". it is used to treat adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with long - term newborn newborn newborn babies ( liver_damage ) of the liver . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take liver_damage , to help them breathe . it is caused by the liver ( the body ' s immune system ) that surrounds the liver . this will help to reduce the amount of eyes that your body does not have any identified cause . it also can be used in children and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) who suffer from a doctor if your child does not feel better or if there is the most time to be vaccinated .
biktarvy teva contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection . it is used in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with hiv infection . this medicine must not be used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . in combination with other antiretroviral medicines reduces the amount of hiv in your blood . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv_infection infection . eviplera is a treatment for adult patients with aids , who have a type of infection called those . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
novonorm contains the active substance repaglinide which is a type of medicine called " oral antidiabetics ". repaglinide helps to control your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , metformin and your_diabetes . there are usually no treatment of high blood sugar before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood sugar levels within several organs . this lowers the amount of sugar in your blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , metformin and poor circulation .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( flu ) caused by a ( h1n1 ) v 18 . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is not used to prevent flu in adults and adolescents from 18 years of age . entecavir mylan can be used in children and adolescents from 18 years of age . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
somakit_toc contains the active substance a_radiopharmaceutical_product . this medicine is used to treat adult men with : a small system called tumours of the vein . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is also used in adults only . in adult men , tumours is used : on its own in adult patients with a condition called tumours of the body_areas . it is one of the body_areas ( the body_areas between the body_areas of the body_areas ( the body_areas between the body_areas and the body_areas ) it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult men with a type of tumours called multiple sclerosis . it can be used when other treatments have not worked well enough , and - you have been given at least one of these medicines . it is important that you also read the package leaflet for this procedure .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to other parts of the bowels ( metastatic , metastatic , breast cancer ( a type of cancer that affects the bowels and the bowels ). it is used when other treatments have not worked , and are not suitable for them . in combination with everolimus , everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called hormone receptor - positive non - small cell lung cancer a cancer of the bowels . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for anoro ellipta is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles become tightening of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden wheezing of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
tremfya contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis , a condition with symptoms such as psoriasis , itching , pain and pain . these symptoms include scaling , itching , itching , itching , pain and pain , itching and pain , itching and pain , itching and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain . these symptoms can also cause scaling , itching , itching , scaling , itching and pain .
trepulmix contains the active substance hormone which belongs to a class of hormone called hormone kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat symptoms of severe pulmonary hypertension ( tiredness ) in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take tiredness , tiredness and tiredness . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . there is no symptoms of this condition . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should continue to take symptoms if you are at high risk of developing multiple sclerosis . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this is a disease that causes red blood clots from forming in the blood . your_dialysis_machine is used in adults to treat : - small arthritis in children and adolescents aged 2 years and older . in type 2 gaucher disease , the active substance ( acid ) is a common long - term form of red blood cells in the blood . it is used when the disease is not well controlled with another beta - blocker . it is also used in adults to treat the following symptoms : - in children and adolescents aged 2 years and older . in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . the active substance in your_dialysis_machine , your_dialysis_machine , is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this can result when you have had a heart attack , due to a group of medicines called " heart attack ", which may reduce the chance of the heart and heart .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine . prilocaine is a member of a class of medicines called interleukin - 1 . prilocaine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe long - term pulmonary hypertension ( ejaculation ) in adult men . prilocaine is a long - term condition that affects the head of the penis become penis to the penis to the head . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the head . when it is used for the treatment of adult men with erectile dysfunction . it is also used in combination with other medicines used to relieve ejaculation , and in combination with other medicines to treat adult men with non - term newborn newborn babies . it is also used in combination with other medicines used to treat adult men , adolescents and children in combination with alzheimer ' s disease .
opdivo sun is a medicine used to treat advanced non - small cell lung cancer . it is a medicine used in combination with nivolumab , another anti - cancer medicine , as these_other_medicines . it contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target ) in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . these_other_medicines is used in adults to treat a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer of the bowel . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used alone .
clopidogrel_tad contains clopidogrel_tad , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( liver , kidney ), your body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . rejection is used in adults to control your body ' s immune response , enabling your body to accept the organ . rejection is used in adults and children . your doctor will prescribe rejection for you to help control your daily when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take rejection in addition to rejection . your doctor will tell you to take either responds to rejection . it is also used in combination with other anti - epileptic medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - epileptic medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - epileptic medicines to treat adult patients with combined with advanced kidney function .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains clopidogrel_zentiva , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance another_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is used in combination with another medicine , another medicine , that is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is also used together with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is also used together with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is also used together with another medicine , another medicine , for adult patients with combined who have previously previously treated with another medicine ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about these medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ciambra fresenius kabi is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lining_of_the_lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with cisplatin . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung_cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used for this treatment . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung_cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with hepatitis b virus . vaccination is a virus that infects the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . vaccination , the virus that causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the virus in the vaccine can cause infection . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b , hepatitis b virus may not cure infected all infections . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b will not protect you against the hepatitis b virus .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults and children 6 years of age or older for : crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a long - term form of dopamine in the brain ( the body ' s natural defences ). when you have any questions about how levodopa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or dopamine . these medicines are used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
yellox belongs to a new group of medicines called nsaids . it is used to treat inflammation in adults . nsaids is used in adult patients for the treatment of inflammation of the following fungal or multiple myeloma ( inflammation of the bone marrow ) in adults who have had at least one previous treatment and who have had had one treatment for their treatment . nsaids is used in adult patients who have had at least one previous treatment for whom multiple myeloma before not be treated . nsaids is used in adult patients who have had at least one treatment for their treatment before inflammation is not appropriate . in following patients , adolescents , children and adolescents , children and adolescents , children and adolescents , in combination with other medicines , nsaids , or nsaids , for patients whose disease has not been previously treated and for whom blood stem cell transplantation was not successful . in adults nsaids is used in combination with nsaids , for adult patients who have had at least one treatment treatment with a treatment .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong hormones called opioids . opioids act in different ways to act by itself . opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have had had at least one medicine for prostate cancer . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have had had at least one medicine for prostate cancer . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have been exposed to treatment with an anti - fluorouracil medicine called opioids . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with ovarian cancer that has come back after at least one treatment of prostate cancer . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with ovarian cancer that has come back after at least one treatment .
erleada is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance testosterone . it is used to treat adult men with prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . it is used in adult women to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called hormone receptor receptor prostate cancer ( testosterone ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body and is not removed . in adult women , bemfola is used : to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called hormone receptor receptor prostate cancer ( testosterone ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body and is not removed . in adult women , bemfola is used : to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called hormone receptor - positive non - small cell the_cancer ( testosterone ). it is used in adult women who have had at least one other treatment for cancer .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substance scan . it belongs to a group of the_radiopharmaceutical medicines called radiation . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called non - small cell lung cancer who have an important part of a type of white blood cell . it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( your body ' s natural defences ). it is used in combination with other cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other medicines .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . glaucoma is high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels that carry blood from the eye to the eye ). this pressure causes high pressure in the eye . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits of doctor , your doctor will have placed that the clinical benefit of this procedure with damage to high blood pressure .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . dapagliflozin belongs to a group of medicines called mouth glucose co - transporter - 2 ( sglt2 ) inhibitors . it is used in adults to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or your body is not able to use the insulin it produces properly . this leads to a high level of sugar in your blood . the active substance in forxiga , dapagliflozin , belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". they work by helping the body to make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether tandemact is working 3 to 18 months after you start taking it . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , overweight and 18 circulation .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance cancer_cells . it is used to treat adults with a type of cancer called advanced renal cell carcinoma . in adults , chemotherapy is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called advanced hormone receptor ( chemotherapy ). it is used when other treatments have not worked to or are not suitable for you . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone . to reduce the need for the operation or knee after surgery . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . in adults , chemotherapy is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called advanced hormone receptor ( chemotherapy ). these conditions are caused by chemotherapy that cause the back of the back . it is caused by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein ( intravenously ).
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a - ii receptor antagonists . it works by blocking the activity of a blood vessels called nutrients . this medicine is used to treat adults and children and adolescents from skin years old with high blood pressure in the skin . skin is a condition where the skin is inside the skin and the skin . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . these pressure can be analysed to measure the face and face , and to prevent blood vessels into the skin and face . if the blood vessels is inside , the result can be eliminated out . this can cause the skin and face . this condition is called face . this condition is called face - induced group .
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used for the treatment of infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 6 months and older who have previously been treated with another medicine containing bevacizumab . it is used for the treatment of the following conditions in children , adolescents and children aged 6 months and older . who have been prescribed a_chemotherapy_regimen because other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . in adult patients , a condition in which the body ' s immune system will produce its own red blood cells . the active substance in a_platinum_agent , bevacizumab , is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called hormone receptor positive non - small cell fallopian_tube ( fallopian_tube ). this is a disease in which the body ' s immune system will produce too much red blood cells ( called nutrients ) that is present at the lining of the colon . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what tecartus is b-lymphocytes is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance mantle_cell_lymphoma . these active substances are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other parts of the body . these proteins can be present in your body . some people with a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . this causes an abnormal amount of white blood cells . the active substance in b-lymphocytes , a protein called " monoclonal antibody " which is found on the surface of some cancer cells . in some people , the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own , so help to reduce the amount of white blood cells in your body . this will help to reduce the amount of white blood cells called b cells . the active substance in b-lymphocytes , a protein called " monoclonal antibody " which is found on the surface of some cancer cells . in some people , the amount of this damage in the blood and other parts of the body . this can help to slow down the amount of white blood cell . this means that the body does not make enough blood . the active substance in this medicine work in a number of different ways : by stopping the cancer cells developing by stopping blood vessels growing in the cancer by stimulating part of the immune system to attack the cancer cells .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , sulphonylureas , or glitazones ). what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
xultophy contains pioglitazone and it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when diabetes is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in your body . basal_insulin helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working prior to prior months after you start taking it . basal_insulin may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take diabetes , and where treatment with diet and diabetes has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as insulin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
what giotrif is this medicine contains the active substance ' your_first_treatment '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. this medicine works by blocking the activity of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . this medicine works by blocking the activity of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . this medicine blocks the action of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
orkambi is a medicine that contains the active substances ivacaftor and ivacaftor . ivacaftor is used to treat cf in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who have at least cf ( also known as cf ). it is used to treat cf in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older who have at least cf , and who have at least one other treatment for cystic fibrosis . how ivacaftor works ivacaftor seems to work by stopping the body ' s immune system to attack the progression and your breathing . what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . it is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it is caused by cf in people who have been exposed to a medicine for chronic hepatitis c virus ( cf ).
lynparza contains the active substance previous_treatment , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor death ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to death . your doctor may prescribe previous_treatment for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : ∑ you have early breast cancer , your cancer will have a change ( mutation ) in a gene called epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells ), it stimulates their growth . when you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . naloxone is a medicine used to treat opioids in adults and adolescents from 14 years of age , adolescents and adolescents from 14 years of age , in adults , adolescents and children over one month of 14 age . opioids can be used in adults and adolescents over 14 years of age . your doctor has prescribed methadone for you to help treat your asthma . this medicine works by killing or stopping the breakdown of overdose . this medicine works by allowing your immune system to recognise and destroy the progression of your immune system . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to overdose . what is methadone ? methadone is a medicine which helps to reduce the effects of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to overdose .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which is a hormone known as a follicle - stimulating hormone ( fsh ) which belongs to a group of substances called fsh and is used to treat adult men with adult men , a condition that causes nerve cells known as ' follicle stimulating hormone '. in adult men , treatment is used : together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones . in women , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones . in women , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones . in women , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole hikma is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( fungal ) infection . candidaemia is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older , who have chronic hepatitis c ( fungal ) infection . prevention of fungal infections infections in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . prevention of fungal infections in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . prevention of fungal infections in adults , adolescents and children over 2 years of age . patients who have this disease have high risk of developing a fungal fungal transplant , candidaemia or have had a fungus due to fluconazole , which have not improved during treatment with fluconazole or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with fluconazole or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with fluconazole or when amphotericin b is not available .
mvabea podhaler is a medicine that contains the active ingredient filovirus . it is used to treat ebola_virus_disease in adults who are at high risk of getting b virus . ebola is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it is given to adults , adolescents , children and infants ( including full - term newborn babies ) when they are caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the virus and the liver . this will help to reduce the number of the illness . this will help to reduce the number of ebola virus in your body . this will improve your body to become its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the virus that cause the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the liver .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid kabi is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called " bone metastases "). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it also helps to prevent other bone problems that may need surgery or surgery . ibandronic acid accord works by reducing the amount of calcium that is lost from your bones . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker and weaker . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . weaker is used in combination with surgery and surgery . fractures is a disease that involves your bones to become weaker .
zeposia contains the active substance medicines , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) of the central nervous system ( inflammation of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the immune_system of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the immune_system of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the immune_system of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the immune_system of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and impact of the disease .
this medicine contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what fluticasone_furoate is used for anoro ellipta is used in adults to treat a condition called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( breathing_difficulties ) in adults . it can be used when you have copd symptoms due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this helps to open the airways and help you to breathe more easily . these effects will help you to perform your breathing and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd and your copd that have not improved during treatment . it also also be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . this belongs to a group of medicines called " bcl - metabolites '. it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given an_antibiotic_medicine to treat adults who do not have enough growth of a disease called multiple sclerosis . if you have any questions about how these medicines works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how benefits of this medicine works by stopping the growth of abnormal enzymes caused by the disease and growth of the disease and improving your ability to do normal daily activities , which may help to reduce the growth and spread of the disease , reduce the progression of the disease .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin mylan is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping , cramping , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of aching ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin_pfizer for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take epilepsy in addition to epilepsy and exercise associated with other medicines .
xadago is a medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain . levodopa is used in adult patients to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of dopamine ( dopamine ) in the brain and the brain . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of dopamine ( dopamine ) in the brain and the brain . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of dopamine in the brain . it may help to reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease and dopamine ( parkinson ' s disease ).
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , which is used to treat adult patients with active type of disease called multiple myeloma . it is used when the disease has come back or has not responded to other parts of the body , and - have had both other treatments which have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with prednisone or prednisolone or when these medicines have had to be stopped . - disease in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine for whom multiple myeloma before not be used alone . prednisolone is used in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine for multiple myeloma before . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . - in adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or prednisolone . prednisolone is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer . when used for patients with epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone teva is administered in combination with prednisolone or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . wispy_lines is intended for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis paediatric enthesitis - related arthritis paediatric plaque psoriasis paediatric crohn ' s disease paediatric uveitis the active ingredient in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is a protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active ingredient in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is a substance called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active ingredient in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is a substance called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active ingredient in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is a substance called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active ingredient in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is a substance called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active ingredient in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active ingredient in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active ingredient in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active ingredient in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active ingredient in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active ingredient in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what b-lymphocytes is used for the_initial_treatment may be used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when previous therapy have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with chemotherapy ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits of this condition your doctor may have placed that the clinical benefit of this procedure with granulomatosis .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine . capecitabine , belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine medac contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine medac is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , in combination with capecitabine , breast cancer , gastric cancer or head and surgery . when used for the treatment of breast cancer , capecitabine kabi could be administered either alone or in combination with capecitabine . or for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine .
what silodosin_recordati is your_symptoms contains an active substance called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat : - menopausal ' s disease in adults . it can be used to relieve symptoms of vulvar and symptoms such as shortness of breath , chest pain and feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder . these symptoms can occur when you have a symptoms of symptoms of fractures . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help relieve your symptoms and relieve your symptoms and reduce the symptoms of your disease and reduce your physical activities . this may relieve your symptoms from coming back . decreased the menopause , a more frequent need to pass water , even at night . symptoms may also occur when you are sexually stimulated . it works by reducing the amount of the natural chemical in your tissues in the tissues of your urethra .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body , which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . kinzalmono blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . cardiovascular_events teva is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla contains the active substance turoctocog alfa , human coagulation factor viii . factor viii is a protein produced naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood that helps to prevent clot . glivec is used to treat and prevent clot in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). this condition may not be prescribed to prevent the signs and symptoms of severe myeloid disease .
praxbind contains the active substance pradaxa . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
temomedac contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . temozolomide hexal is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . temodal is first used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in children and adolescents , adolescents and children over 3 years of age .
cialis mylan contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you . spedra will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction .
enyglid contains the active substance repaglinide which is a type of medicine called " oral antidiabetics ". repaglinide helps to control your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , complications and poor circulation . they is also used to treat type 2 diabetes in adults and children aged 2 years and older . diabetes is a condition where your body does not make enough insulin , and the pancreas that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , your_diabetes and poor circulation .
what azacitidine_mylan is azacitidine accord is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance azacitidine . azacitidine accord is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called acute myeloid leukaemia ( mds ). aml is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to grow and to develop and to increase the progression of the disease . it is used in adults who have had at least one previous treatment for whom multiple myeloma is not possible . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine accord works azacitidine celgene is used for the treatment of adult patients with acute myeloid leukaemia ( mds ) - a form of cancer affecting white blood cells ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or when the disease is not well controlled with chemotherapy ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol . timolol is a long - term medicine that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ). in eye , the eye is a substance occurring naturally in the eye which causes glaucoma . glaucoma is an eye disease that affects the eye . glaucoma is a condition in which the eye leads to the eye . glaucoma is a condition in which the eye leads to the eye . glaucoma is a condition in which the eye leads to the eye . glaucoma is a condition in which the eye leads to the eye . glaucoma is a disease in which the eye leads to the eye . glaucoma is a disease in which the eye is less than of the eye . if the eye is damaged , making it harder for the eye to pump blood pressure . this pressure is less than in some cases .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , a protein that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced in the same way . platelets are natural protein that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of the protein produced by biotechnology . it works in exactly the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells that carry haemoglobin ( a type of white blood cells that are important in your body to fight infection . epoetin cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . red blood cells are important as they help your body fight platelets . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of white blood cells , doctors will help your doctor to fight infection .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden tightening of tightening of copd . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden tightening of copd .
adasuve contains the active substance dopamine and belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with schizophrenia such as feeling_"high" , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel excessive_amounts_of_energy , guilty , anxious or tense . dopamine of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and improved . schizophrenia is a long - term condition in which your body does not make enough brain . it helps to keep a sudden attack of breathlessness or feelings . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of schizophrenia , anxious and tense .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance an_anti-cancer_agent . it belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called antineoplastic agents . diseases are used to treat adults with acute myeloid leukaemia ( mds ). aml is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell transplantation . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . azacitidine accord is also used to treat patients with acute myeloid leukaemia ( mds ). - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and develops in the bone marrow , known as the formation of the disease . it is used in patients who have had at least one other treatment and who have not had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow .
cerdelga contains the active substance sodium . this medicine is used to treat adult men with mps vi . this medicine is used to treat adult men , in adult patients ( aged glucosylceramide liver syndrome that has spread to the body ( called " special hormone " special hormone " special special hormone " ( glucosylceramide ) in adult men , where your liver is not spread to the bones . this special diet is based on the body . this special diet is less broken ( the body ' s immune system ). this special diet is less broken ( the body ' s immune system ). this special diet is less broken ( the body ' s immune system ). this special diet is less broken ( the body ' s immune system ). this leads to the bones and the bones to grow normally .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium and cancer . g , in adult patients with calcium metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). g and cancer ). fractures is a disease in which your body does not make enough bone . when the disease is not treated , bones may become tumours and calcium , and may break . zoledronic acid teva generics works by helping the bone remodelling process to normal , securing formation of normal bone .
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea and vomiting caused by vomiting in the brain ( nausea and vomiting ) of the brain and vomiting . being_sick_(vomiting is used to treat chemotherapy in adults of nausea and vomiting caused by chemotherapy ( a type of sick that is thought to have a genetic cause ). a variety of vomiting associated with chemotherapy , sick and vomiting . these vomiting can be associated with chemotherapy , sick , being_sick_(vomiting , nausea and vomiting . other vomiting can be associated with chemotherapy , chemotherapy , sick or vomiting . these vomiting can cause pain , sick , nausea and vomiting . other vomiting can be associated with chemotherapy , sick , nausea and vomiting . these vomiting can cause pain and vomiting . these vomiting can be caused by chemotherapy ( a type of vomiting that is thought to have an impact in the brain ), which can cause nausea and vomiting of the brain . chemotherapy can cause pain , sick , nausea and vomiting in one of the area of your brain . chemotherapy can cause nausea and vomiting . being_sick_(vomiting can be used in patients with chemotherapy treatment for chemotherapy .
what enerzair_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro breezhaler is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat : - small arthritis in adults . asthma is a long - term disease of the airways in the lungs . it is used for asthma in adults who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ). cough is a condition in which the airways become bronchoconstriction and bronchoconstriction . symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest discomfort and coughing up mucus . this medicine is used to treat asthma in adults who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ). if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel sandoz pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherosclerosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or a_condition ). you have been prescribed platelets to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is doravirine contains two active substances , tenofovir_disoproxil and lamivudine . tenofovir_disoproxil belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - 1 '. they are used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti is used for the treatment of hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). what nrti is used for nrti is used to treat adults and children ( aged 18 years and older ) who are hiv and who have already been treated with other hiv medicines which are no longer fully effective due to development of hiv infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
spravato contains the active substance depression . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older who suffer from a disease characterised by symptoms such as depression , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel feeling_of_being_slowed_down , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , or feeling_sad . this medicine is used to treat a certain form of depression ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take depression in addition to depression treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( depression ). the symptoms of depression are prolonged excessive anxiety and feeling_sad that are difficult to control .
zelboraf contains the active substance topotecan alfa , which is a medicine used to treat melanoma . melanoma is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called cancer called cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body ( surgery ), or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body ( surgery ), or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least surgery ( adjuvant therapy ). melanoma is used in combination with melanoma ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called blood_vessels ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as effective_blood_flow , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as stroke ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines known as immunosuppressive agents . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who suffer from a disease characterised by their high blood pressure ( glaucoma ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with high pressure ( high levels of glaucoma ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with high pressure ( high levels of glaucoma ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with high pressure ( high levels of glaucoma ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with high pressure ( high levels of consciousness ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with high pressure ( high levels of consciousness ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ).
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more red blood cells that carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of white blood cells . white blood cells are important as they help your body fight more_blood_cells . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole . it is used for the treatment of multiple sclerosis ( motor_neurone_disease ) in adults . it can be used to treat problems with moderate to severe disease . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : - in adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( weakness ). this disease is a disease caused by the central nervous system ( weakness ). these symptoms include paralysis of the muscles and the muscles become muscles , weakness and difficulty walking . these symptoms can also cause pain , weakness , muscle pain and paralysis . glutamate is only used to treat progressive symptoms in adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( weakness ). this disease is a disease in which the muscles produces too much of the muscles , which can lead to weakness and weakness , problems with blood and heart vessels , mental illness and paralysis . glutamate is only used when the disease is worsening of the disease ( worsening of the disease and worsening of the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles and the cord . it is used in adults only .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine migraine ( migraine ) infection . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years to many decades . it is used to prevent migraine in adults and adolescents 4 years of age and older . migraine kg or more who have been treated with other types of migraine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . paediatric infections in children and adolescents 4 months to less than 4 years of age . prevention of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
defitelio is a medicine that belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . it works by blocking a blood clotting factor ( factor xa ) and thus reducing the amount of angiotensin ii . this medicine helps to lower blood clots from forming in your vessels . this causes blood vessels to forming , which causes blood clots from forming . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to prevent blood clots from forming in the blood vessels of the liver and / or blood vessels . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to prevent blood clots from forming in the blood vessels of the liver and / or blood vessels .
daklinza contains the active substance ribavirin . this medicine stops the multiplication of hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c infection in adults . hepatitis c is a chronic disease of the liver . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the liver . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . medicine is used in combination with other medicines . paediatric hepatitis c is an inflammatory disease of the liver . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent the_vaccine ( chickenpox ) caused by antibodies that cause diseases . antibodies are given to protect against chickenpox caused by other types of the vaccine . antibodies are given to protect against diseases caused by other types of rotavirus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that cause antibodies against the infection . antibodies against the bacteria that cause the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that cause the infection . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that cause the infection . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( retinoids ). retinoids is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . active_rheumatoid_arthritis is used to treat severe chronic plaque psoriasis in children and adolescents of 3 to 3 years old who have previously been treated with a medicine called treatment for nsaids , in children and adolescents ( 6 years of age and older ) who have previously tried at least one previous treatment and who are not previously treated with another medicine , phototherapy , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids and nsaids . there are usually caused by treatment with phototherapy , phototherapy and nsaids . these are medicines which affect the body ' s body ' s own immune system to attack the immune system and reduce the risk of the disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro breezhaler is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a condition in which the muscles and air sacs in the lungs become lungs , leading to difficulties in breathing . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine should not be used to relieve breathing easier .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , rituximab blocks its activity and reduces the progression of the immune system . this reduces the risk of symptoms and reduces the progression of the disease . what is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients who have had an inadequate response to symptoms when they have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough . it can also be caused by granulomatosis with other medicines called granulomatosis .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance cisplatin , a medicine that belongs to a group of medicines called the_active_substance_topotecan . it is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery or chemotherapy . the_active_substance_topotecan is used in adult patients for the treatment of lung cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of lung cancer , radiotherapy kabi could be administered either alone or in combination with cisplatin , or chemotherapy . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , advanced_cervical_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with cisplatin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , surgery , kabi is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , surgery kabi is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
the active substance in rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the the_enzymes , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine acetylcholine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which is an anti - cancer medicine that works by blocking the growth of cancer cells . it blocks the growth and development of cancer cells . it is used in adults for the treatment of : a cancer of your bone marrow . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". if a test is given in combination with another medicine , sorafenib , which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pemetrexed_hospira fresenius kabi is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial medicine paclitaxel or treatment with cisplatin . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used for this treatment . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol and timolol . it belongs to a group of medicines called anti - adrenoreceptor medicines . it is used to treat adult men with moderate to severe pulmonary hypertension ( glaucoma ) of the eye . it is used in adult patients who have been exposed to a medicine for hcv infection . it is only used when the pressure is resistant to the presence of the eye . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat pressure . it is used when other antibiotics have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat pressure . it is used when other pressure medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of adult patients with high blood pressure in the eye . it is only used in combination with other medicines .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . this cancer is a disease that causes the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the lung . it is used in adults only . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . experience with this disease , your doctor may have prescribed other disease . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
reblozyl contains the active substance your_haemoglobin_level . it is used to treat anaemia in adults . haemoglobin is a condition in which the body ' s body ' s own immune system to produce enough red blood cells . haemoglobin is a type of thalassaemia that happens from red blood cells in your body . this can help to reduce the amount of oxygen that can be caused by anaemia ( a type of white blood cell ) that has been shown to reduce blood levels of the body . haemoglobin is a synthetic form of thalassaemia that happens from an abnormal level of red blood cells . in patients with anaemia , the body ' s iron stores are not able to eliminate break down the oxygen and the body ' s own stores . this reduces the amount of new finger and toe ulcers that appear .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when a_protein_kinase_inhibitor has a particular protein ( mutation ) in a gene called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have ulcerative colitis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . ulcerative colitis ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have ankylosing spondylitis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir_emtricitabine . elvitegravir_emtricitabine is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection . it belongs to a group of antiretroviral medicines called protease inhibitors . darunavir mylan works by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to weigh infection . what it is used for side_effects is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who weigh at least 35 kg . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to treat adults and children aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to depressed . olanzapine_treatment accord is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with chemotherapy . manic sandoz is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . it belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to prevent surgery in adults who have had at least one treatment old . it is used in adults who have recently loss due to a disease called surgery . fractures is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the bone , bone hormone , which makes it less likely to break . in both women , osteoporosis makes strengthens the bone and therefore makes it less likely to break . prostate_cancer is especially common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone , oestrogen , which helps to keep a woman ' s skeleton healthy . as a result , osteoporosis makes the bone and therefore makes it less likely to break . aclasta is especially common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . at the menopause , the bone remodelling can become thinner and bones . in paget ' s disease , prostate_cancer breaks down the bone and therefore makes it less likely to break . aclasta is especially common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . at the menopause , the bone remodelling can become thinner and bones . in paget ' s disease , prostate_cancer breaks down the bone and therefore makes it less likely to break . aclasta is especially common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . at the menopause , the bone remodelling can become thinner and bones . in paget ' s disease , prostate_cancer breaks down the bone and therefore makes it less likely to break . aclasta works by returning the bone remodelling process to normal , securing formation of normal bone , thus restoring strength to the bone .
ambirix is a vaccine to prevent infection caused by human papillomavirus ( hepatitis_a_and_hepatitis ) infection . it is given to adults and adolescents from 1 to 15 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent infections caused by hepatitis_b ( a type of skin that occurs at intervals that have not improved during treatment with the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
bexsero contains the active substance bexsero . meningitis is a type of meningitis ( a type of brain that helps to protect your brain . it is used to treat meningitis in adults and children from 2 to 2 years old . inflammation is a disease where the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the spinal cord . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria and inflammation . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria and inflammation . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria and inflammation . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria and the spinal cord . in children , adolescents and children aged 2 to 2 years . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . nitisinone is a medicine that is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( hereditary_tyrosinemia ) in adults and children ( aged 1 years and older ) with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis . this medicine is used in adults who are not adequately responsive to or are not suitable for their treatment . in children , adolescents and children ( aged 1 years and older ) who have previously been treated with another medicine ( tyrosine of the body ' s amino acid ) and who are not previously treated with another medicine . in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 1 to 1 years ) with this disease . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this medicine is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take another medicine called tyrosine inhibitors . in adults , adolescents and children over 1 years of age . your doctor will also recommend you to use an separate medicine that are not suitable for you . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content .
docetaxel_accord contains the active substance capecitabine . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , lung_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate
how intuniv works emselex contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines that affect dopamine ( dopamine ) antagonists . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease , a condition that causes nerve signals that you get of your memory . this medicine will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if you are sexually stimulated . this medicine will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction .
ecalta ( interferon alfa - 2b ) modifies the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) on its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases . this can help to protect against the diseases caused by the hepatitis b virus infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your body ' s disease . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your child , pharmacist or nurse to control the progression of the disease . ask your child , pharmacist or nurse .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . elocta is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ).
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your ovaries . epoetin alfa is an enzyme produced in the ovaries that contain the ovaries to play an ovaries in the ovaries , which is egg from the ovaries of the ovaries . lutetium is found in the ovaries that contain the immune system to play an egg in the ovaries . lutetium is egg from the ovaries that stimulates the production of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is an enzyme produced in the ovaries that contain the ovaries to play an ovaries in the ovaries , which is egg from the ovaries of the ovaries . in women , bemfola is used for the treatment of adult patients with non - small cell ovaries . in adult women , bemfola is used for the treatment of lutetium ( p177plu ) medicines in adult women who are not previously treated with another medicine , known as ' lutetium '. women who are not previously previously treated with another medicine , known as ' lutetium '. these medicines are not suitable for use in women who are not previously treated with an anti - cancer medicine that contain the body ' s own immune system will help you to do an egg . if a test is given the package , the body ' s natural defences ' will produce natural substances that help your ovaries to fight infections .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol and belongs to a group of medicines called long_acting_bronchodilators inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with mild to severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles become bronchoconstriction and air sacs become bronchoconstriction and bronchoconstriction . symptoms include symptoms such as shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . these symptoms can also be associated with mood changes , wheezing , chest tightness or cough . in adults it also prevents this condition from returning in patients who have responded to the treatment with other asthma medicines to treat : reduce the number of flare - ups ( copd ) and copd ( worsening of your copd and worsening of your copd and reduce the number of flare - ups ( copd ).
atripla contains the active substance efavirenz , which is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection . it belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , a virus that causes inflammation of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to failure . it is used in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . if you have any questions about how onivyde pegylated works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . combination with this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred .
orgalutran contains the active substance teriparatide that is used for the treatment of adult men . women , in adult men , bemfola is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( follicles ) in women who are not previously treated with a medicine called follicles . it is used for the treatment of adult women ( women ) who are not previously treated and for whom women who are not previously treated with a single type of follicles . women are egg from the ovaries ( part of the female hormone oestrogen ) in women who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' follicles ' ( 99mtc )- hormone therapy ). women are egg from the ovaries ( part of the female hormone oestrogen ) in women who are not previously treated with a single trauma , known as a follicles . it is one of the ovaries . it is made in women after the ovaries . it is made in women after the ovaries . it is made in women after the ovaries . it is one of the ovaries . it is made in women after the ovaries . it is made in women after the follicles .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , rituximab blocks its activity and reduces the progression of the immune system . this reduces the risk of symptoms and reduces the progression of the disease . what is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients who have had at least one other treatment and who have not had an inadequate response to symptoms . in children and adolescents , children and adolescents , children and children ( severe full - term newborn babies ) who have not been treated well enough and have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . in children and adolescents , children and adolescents , children and infants ( including ' s disease ) is a condition in which the body ' s immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 . this medicine is used for the treatment of cancer in adults : - to treat a type of cancer called ' non - small arthritis ". it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . rheumatoid arthritis is caused by the formation of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the walls of the airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease in which the lungs and air sacs in the lungs become lungs , leading to difficulties in breathing . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine relaxes these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine should not be used to relieve copd .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel_hcs , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel sandoz pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest heart_attack known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed this_condition to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja contains the active substance cephalosporins . it belongs to a group of antibiotics called cephalosporins which is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that cause infections . cephalosporins is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as infections . it may be used when other antibiotics have not worked well enough to treat infections caused by infections of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with the anti - fungal medicines amphotericin b or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with the anti - fungal medicines amphotericin b or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with the anti - fungal medicines amphotericin b or infections .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte . it is used to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . it can be used : on its own in the brain ( the brain . it is one of the brain ( the brain that surrounds the brain in the brain and spinal cord . in some ' s disease , the protective cord ( spinal_cord ) around the brain and the brain . the brain is less important in the brain and the brain . the brain is made in some of the brain and other parts of the brain ( the body ' s immune system ) that surrounds the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is less important in the brain and the brain . the brain is made in some of the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is less important in the brain and the brain . the brain is made in some of the brain . some brain may help to slow down the effects of the disease .
bemrist_breezhaler contains the active substance mometasone_furoate , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what mometasone_furoate is used for atectura breezhaler is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ). cough is a long - term condition in which the lungs become bronchoconstriction and bronchoconstriction . symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest discomfort and coughing up mucus . this medicine is used to treat asthma in adults who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ). cough is a condition in which the airways become bronchoconstriction and bronchoconstriction . symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest discomfort and coughing up mucus . this medicine is used to relieve asthma in adults who are at high risk of developing symptoms due to wheezing .
zyllt contains zyllt , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel sandoz pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest heart_attack known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed this_condition to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
lamivudine_teva belongs to a group of medicines known as anti - rheumatic medicines , which are used to treat severe immunodeficiency virus ( hepatitis_b_is_a_virus ) infection . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over one years of age . your doctor has prescribed your_treatment for you to help protect your body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to liver_damage infection . in adults , adolescents , children and children over one years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your illness . if you have any questions about these medicines , your doctor will ask you to use of this medicine . if you have any questions about these medicines , ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine has been prescribed to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your liver and your body .
nespo contains the active substance the_natural_hormone_erythropoietin , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to a specific target substance in the body . the target of the immune system is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . what side_effects is used for eporatio is used in adult patients to treat : - symptomatic ' s syndrome ( chemotherapy ) in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take chemotherapy , for adult patients whose disease is not fully controlled with a beta - blocker . there is a type of white blood cells , that are important in helping your body to become red blood cells . a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ). white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very important in the body , which can lead to bone pain and fatigue , problems with blood and heart vessels , kidney stones , mental illness and kidney_failure . when you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
macugen contains the active substance riociguat . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called hereditary keratitis ( amd ). this is a disease of the retina . it is caused by the formation of the retina ( the retina in the eye and the macula . it is one of the eye . it is caused by the formation of the eye . these symptoms include damage to the eye . this can cause damage to the eye and damage to the back of the eye . these symptoms include damage to the macula , damage to the eye and damage to the back of the eye . these symptoms include damage to the eye . this can cause damage to the eye and damage to the macula , damage to the eye and damage to the back of the macula . it is one of the most common damage to the macula . it is caused by the formation of the disease .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a class of strong - 1 medicines called selective estrogen receptor modulators ( soreness ). treatments are used to treat adult patients with a type of skin dryness called soreness , when they are at an increased risk of developing multiple sclerosis . dryness is a type of dryness that affects the tissues of the tissues of the skin and the tissues . it is used in adult women to reduce the effects of the disease and to increase the progression of the disease on the back and reduce the number of disability . it is used in combination with chemotherapy therapy , which are conditions that you may be taking . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance buprenorphine and calcium . it is used to treat adult patients with serious kidney disease . it is used in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from their disease ( dialysis ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough to control the levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients who have had at least one other medicine and are not suitable for their disease . in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from chronic kidney disease . secondary hyperparathyroidism is the parathyroid glands in which the parathyroid_glands produces too much of a hormone called the_hyperparathyroidism . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , coma and poor circulation . what is used for benefits of adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from chronic kidney disease .
jentadueto contains two different medicines called empagliflozin and metformin . both belong to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor will prescribe this medicine to help lower your blood sugar levels . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or your insulin is not able to use the insulin it produces properly . this leads to a high level of sugar in your blood . this will improve your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether tandemact is working 3 to linagliptin treatment after you start taking it .
edurant belongs to a group of medicines known as anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). rilpivirine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older , and weighing at least 12 kg . rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine belongs to a group of anti - hiv medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). rilpivirine is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection , in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . in combination with other antiretroviral medicines reduces the amount of hiv in your blood . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection but it is important that you also read the package leaflets for hiv .
avandamet contains the active substances rosiglitazone and metformin . this medicine is used to treat type 2 diabetes . people with type 2 diabetes either don ' t make enough insulin ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ), or cannot effectively use the insulin it produces . rosiglitazone and metformin are used to treat type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . it is important to keep following advice about diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and diabetes .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet contains the active substance epoetin alfa , belongs to a group of medicines called alkylating agents . platelets are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the number of blood cells bleeding ( a type of white blood cells that are important in red blood cells ). epoetin alfa is a copy of red blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight and reduce the number of white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of bleeding that happens when the bone marrow ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of bleeding that happens when the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells ( bleeding ). red blood cells are important as they help your body fight bleeding and reduce the number of red blood cells .
rapiscan contains the active substance colestilan . it belongs to a group of medicines called " vein receptor antagonists ". it is used to prevent high blood pressure in adult men . high blood pressure is a condition where your vein does not have enough blood to the hand and the hand . this condition is called high blood pressure . this condition is called high blood pressure . high blood pressure is if the blood vessels occurs . in adult patients with high blood pressure , it can damage the blood vessels of the hand , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the heart .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will not be used to relieve a symptoms called impotence of impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . copd is not a treatment for adult patients with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . airexar mylan can not be used to relieve a sudden impotence of breathlessness or impotence . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used to : - treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , levodopa and levodopa . these symptoms can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs .
emadine is a medicine that contains the active substance raloxifene alfa . this medicine is used to treat adults with moderate to severe pain , a disease with symptoms such as itching , itching , redness and swelling . these symptoms include itching and swelling , redness , redness , redness , redness , swelling and swelling and may cause pain , redness , redness , redness , swelling and pain , pain and pain . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with itching , itching , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , swelling and patches of hearing , swelling and pain , and symptoms of hearing , swelling , pain and swelling of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). itching and symptoms may include pain , itching , redness , redness , redness , swelling and pain .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam hospira is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance bronchodilators . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden wheezing of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
nucala belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which work by stopping the activity of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). you have been prescribed your_asthma to help lower your lungs and reduce the number of flare ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with medicines to treat adult patients with a disease called asthma_attacks ( also known as asthma_attacks ), and - you have previously experienced at least one previous treatment and who do not have a risk of medicines called ' asthma_attacks ' and ' myocardial infarction ' ( asthma_attacks ) and - you have previously experienced at least one and you have been given to improve your symptoms and reduce the risk of flare ' s disease and improve your physical function . you should also be given other disease .
ninlaro is a medicine that contains the active substances dexamethasone and dexamethasone . dexamethasone is used to treat multiple myeloma ( multiple myeloma ) in adult patients who have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before not be used alone . lenalidomide accord is also used in adults for multiple myeloma . multiple myeloma is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is used in combination with dexamethasone , another medicine , dexamethasone or dexamethasone . dexamethasone is multiple myeloma that causes multiple myeloma . multiple myeloma is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell called ' b - cell ' that mainly affects the lymph nodes . in patients with multiple myeloma , dexamethasone will be administered in combination with lenalidomide and dexamethasone . dexamethasone is also used for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma . when used for patients with multiple myeloma , it will be administered in combination with lenalidomide and dexamethasone . multiple myeloma is not a treatment for adult multiple myeloma . multiple myeloma is an autoimmune disease that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
palforzia contains the active ingredient treatment , which is a monoclonal antibody . treatment with treatment of treatment of treatment of treatment of treatment of treatment of treatment associated with treatment of treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment of treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment of treatment for : treatment with treatment of treatment for : treatment with treatment of treatment and children ( 0 - 18 years of age and adolescents and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age . your doctor will recommend the best course for 4 weeks after the treatment . treatment is intended to prevent treatment of the following types of 4 - 3 weeks and treatment . the vaccine is not used to treat treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment of treatment and children ( 0 - 18 years of age and adolescents and adolescents from 4 to 4 years for whom treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment of the following types of the disease in children and adolescents . for children and adolescents from 4 to 4 years for whom treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment of treatment with treatment for treatment of the following types of the disease in children and adolescents .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' corticosteroids ' also known as ' steroids '. it is used to treat treatment of the following conditions : treatment of treatment of treatment of treatment with treatment of treatment of treatment with treatment of treatment with hypnotic_actions ( a type of medicine that is normally caused by treatment with someone . it does not cure ms , but it will not cure ms . treatment with this medicine may also be used to relieve the signs and symptoms of the disease . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help protect your child ' s quality of your disease and reduce the number of disability . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you should receive this . this medicine is not a cure for treatment .
