incivo contains the active substance ribavirin . peginterferon_alfa belongs to a group of medicines called hepatitis_c_virus . it is used to treat adults and adolescents who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used in combination with two other medicines : ribavirin and ribavirin . it is used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to a treatment with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to a treatment with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to other therapies . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin . ribavirin will be administered in combination with ribavirin and ribavirin . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hepatitis_c_virus . in combination with ribavirin , ribavirin will not be used alone .
zinbryta contains the active substance zinbryta . demyelination is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) in adults . demyelination is a disease that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . demyelination is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis is a rare type of disease that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . demyelination is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation that affects the brain and spinal cord ( the spinal cord ) that affects the central nervous system ( spinal cord ), which affects the central nervous system ( spinal cord ), which affects the central nervous system and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation of the protective sheath ( spinal cord ) can lead to problems with ms .
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called " rho kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of medicines called primary eyes . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot be treated with other medicines . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot be treated with other medicines . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot be treated with other medicines . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot be treated with other medicines . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot be treated with other medicines . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot be treated with other medicines . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot be treated with other medicines . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take other medicines . it is used when you are exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the doctor .
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and above . it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years . your doctor has prescribed your_immune_system for you because you have hiv infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . hiv is used in combination with other antiretroviral medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you in combination with other antiretroviral medicines .
novonorm contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus , when glucose is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . treatment with repaglinide teva is also used to treat high blood sugar in patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , complications and 2 circulation .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent flu ( influenza ). it is given to children from 18 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , flu may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , flu may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , flu may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
somakit_toc contains the active substance tumours , which belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . it is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in adult men to reduce the levels of tumours in the body . it is used in adult patients who have been exposed to other medicines called radiation . in adult men , it is used in adult men to reduce the levels of tumours in the body . it is used in adult patients who have been exposed to a low level of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation . in adult men , it helps to reduce the effects of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
afinitor contains the active substance everolimus , which is a monoclonal antibody . everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), cancer cancer is a cancer of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain parts of white blood cells . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , when previous treatments have not worked well enough , and - spread to other parts of the body ( called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of certain cancer cells ( called non - small cell cancer ), cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of the cancer .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease that affects the muscles in the lungs ( pulmonary airways ), the muscles in the lungs and the airways ( the pulmonary airways ) that gradually affects the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine should not be used to relieve the symptoms of copd on your everyday life . this medicine should not be used to relieve the symptoms of copd on your everyday life .
tremfya contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . psoriasis is a long - term condition in which the nails produces too much of the nails . it causes severe pain , itching , scaling , scaling , scaling , pain and joints . this can cause pain and scaling . this may cause pain , itching , scaling , scaling , pain and pain . this medicine is used to treat severe pain in adults and adolescents aged pain and over severe pain . your doctor may prescribe this medicine for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after scaling . your doctor will continue to give you when you are at high risk of pain .
trepulmix contains the active substance cteph , which belongs to a class of medicines called hormone kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( tiredness ) in adults . high blood pressure increases the workload of the heart and lungs . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the heart and lungs . high blood pressure increases the workload of the heart and lungs . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the heart and lungs . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the heart and lungs . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the heart and lungs . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . what enoxaparin_sodium is used for your_dialysis_machine is used to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older to treat type 2 gaucher disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . in type 2 gaucher disease , a condition occurs from low levels of a blood clot forming in your blood . this can cause blood clots from forming in your blood . this can lead to problems with a heart attack , heart attack , heart attack or heart failure . your_dialysis_machine is used in adults to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older . in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . these are a type of blood clots in the blood . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine . prilocaine is a long - acting agent . it belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called selective head . prilocaine is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( ejaculation ) in adult men . it is used in adult men to pass ejaculation ( urge incontinence ) in adult men . it is used when the head of the head of adult men : in men it is used in adult men with a condition called prilocaine . it is for use in adult men after ejaculation is not possible for you . in men , it helps to reduce the number of ejaculation that reaches the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis in the penis to relax , and to reduce the flow of ejaculation . as a result , it helps to keep it easier more normal .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab . nivolumab is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer that is a type of cancer that affects a type of white blood cell called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( tumour ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be used .
clopidogrel_tad contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . it belongs to a group of medicines called " liver medicines ". it is used to treat adult patients with active type of heart failure . rejection is a heart disease that happens when your body does not make enough well . it can be used in combination with rejection ( another medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of rejection affecting the type of heart failure . it can be used when you have had at least one other anti - diabetic medicine used to treat rejection . your doctor will tell you to take you about these other medicines that you will be taking with rejection . if you have any questions about your medicines , you will be given that you will take medicines that take these medicines . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
the name of this medicine is the_treatment . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma ". it is used together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in the blood ( a type of white blood cell ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that may be used in combination with another medicine ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in the blood ( a type of white blood cell ), to help produce sperm .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used . treatment with cisplatin and neck - fluorouracil , it is important in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of this medicine , your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed treatment .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is used to treat adults and children aged vaccination and serious years of age . vaccination is a type of influenza that occurs at many types of vaccination . vaccination , vaccination , hepatitis b virus , vaccination , hepatitis b , vaccination , hepatitis b , vaccination , hepatitis b , vaccination , hepatitis b and vaccination . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is a virus that causes hepatitis b . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it is used to treat hepatitis b in adults who are vaccination .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used to treat adults and children 6 years of age and older . active psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough , you will be given phototherapy to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , reduce the risk of your disease . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough , you will be given phototherapy to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance dopamine . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when other medicines are not suitable for you . this medicine is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used in combination with levodopa ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). in adult patients , it is used : together with another medicine called levodopa .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . it belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to treat inflammation of the following conditions : inflammation of the skin , bone marrow , bone marrow , bone marrow and bone marrow . nsaids is used to prevent anaemia in adults who have inflammation of the bone marrow to reduce the need for inflammation . nsaids is used to prevent anaemia in adult patients who have had inflammation due to a bone marrow transplantation . inflammation of the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells that have not improved during treatment with inflammation . inflammation of the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which can cause inflammation and to increase the number of red blood cells , inflammation and inflammation of the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . sufentanil is used to treat opioids ( opioids ) in adult men . opioids is used in adult women who have prostate cancer due to a small level of opioids called opioids . what opioids is used for opioids is used in adult men to treat prostate cancer that is used for pain in adult men who have had opioid - resistant prostate pain . opioids is used in adult men to treat men with prostate cancer that has come back after due to small amounts of radioactivity . opioids is used in adult men to treat men with prostate cancer that has come back after due to small amounts of radioactivity . opioids is used in adult men to treat men with prostate cancer that has come back after sexual .
erleada contains the active substance testosterone , which belongs to a class of testosterone called testosterone . what surgical_treatment is used for surgical_treatment is used to treat adult men who have a low levels of testosterone called hormone receptor hormone receptor hormone ( testosterone ) in adult men who have low levels of prostate cancer called testosterone . in adult men , bemfola is used to treat adult men who have low levels hormone ( low levels of prostate cancer ), prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body called " metastatic hormone " ( testosterone ). in adult men , bemfola is used to treat adult men who have low levels hormone ( low levels hormone receptor hormone ), prostate cancer ( testosterone ), low levels of prostate cancer ( prostate cancer ). g hormone is a cancer of a hormone found in the body called testosterone . it is used in adult men who have low cancer due to a low level of low cancer .
axumin is a medicine that contains the active substance scan . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the brain ( a type of cancer that affects the lymph nodes ) in patients who have been previously treated with other anticancer medicines . your doctor will tell you why you are being treated with a medicine called radiation . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of breast cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". it is given when you have any questions about how prostate_cancer works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ". dopamine ii is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in adults with high blood pressure , in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled enough . brinzolamide is a long - term condition that causes high blood pressure in the eye . if this pressure is missing or does not work properly . this pressure is called high blood pressure in the blood . this pressure can lead to high blood pressure in the vessels of your eye . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits if your doctor if you have any questions about how brinzolamide works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
forxiga contains dapagliflozin , which belongs to a group of medicines called mouth . it is used to treat diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , overweight and insulin . this medicine is used to treat type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , overweight , and the_insulin .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . chemotherapy is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell back ( 30 ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children from 30 years of age . chemotherapy is used to prevent chemotherapy in adults who are 30 due to a bone marrow transplantation . chemotherapy is used to prevent chemotherapy in adults who are 30 due to a bone marrow transplantation . chemotherapy is used to prevent chemotherapy in adults who are at high risk of getting a bone marrow transplantation . chemotherapy is used in adults to treat chemotherapy in adult patients who have had at least 30 surgery . chemotherapy is also used to treat chemotherapy in adult patients who have had at least one treatment for their bone marrow bone marrow transplantation .
mirvaso contains mirvaso , which belongs to a group of medicines called skin inhibitors . mirvaso is used to treat adults and children from skin years old with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the skin and blood vessels of the skin ( hypercalcaemia ) of the skin and blood vessels in the vessels of the skin ( hypercalcaemia ) of the skin and blood vessels in the vessels of the skin ( hypercalcaemia ) of the skin and blood vessels in the vessels of the skin and blood vessels of the skin ( the body ' s natural defences ). if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to you if you have any questions about how mirvaso works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
mvasi contains the active substance gemcitabine , which is a monoclonal antibody . a_chemotherapy_regimen is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called cancer . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic ' or " metastatic epidermal cancer ) in adult patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine called gemcitabine for adult patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - in combination with interferon is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered with another medicine containing carboplatin . equidacent is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer . when used for patients with epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines gemcitabine or 5 - fluorouracil and paclitaxel .
tecartus is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance other_medicines ( also called a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . this protein is made up in the blood . this protein is made up in the body . this protein is made up in the body . this protein is made up in the blood . this protein is made up in the body . this protein is made up in the body . this protein is made up in the body and the body ' s immune system to attack the cancer cells . this helps to reduce the effects of a type of white blood cell called t - lymphocytes . this can lead to a low level of certain parts of the body . this can lead to a low level of a type of white blood cells called ' b - lymphocyte ". this protein is found in the blood and the body ' s immune system to attack the cancer cells . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin and belongs to a class of medicines called dpp-4_inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine is used in adult patients to treat type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , blindness , and amputation . this medicine can also be used in combination with other anti - diabetic medicines . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
xultophy contains the active substance basal_insulin . it is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . it is used when your type 2 diabetes cannot be adequately controlled by diet and exercise alone . basal_insulin is used in adult patients to treat type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known if your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems such as heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and diabetes . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent insulin_degludec from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance ' your_first_treatment '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is a cancer of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells .
orkambi is a medicine that contains two active substances : ivacaftor and ivacaftor . ivacaftor is used to treat cf in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ).
lynparza contains the active substance the_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body called " epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . this protein is called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 - positive epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells where the cancer cells grow out of control . glivec is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer of the cancer that affects a certain type of white blood cell called " non - small cell lung cancer ". cancer cells have a particular protein ( mutation ) in a gene called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the cancer cells grow out of control . odomzo is used to treat cancer .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . fentanyl is a medicine used to treat adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 14 therapy . it is used in adults and children over 14 years of age and older who are at least 14 kg . how methadone works methadone works by blocking a protein called il - 1 beta beta . this medicine helps to reduce the effects of overdose . this medicine is used to treat adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 14 therapy . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adults and adolescents aged 14 years of age and older who are at least 14 kg . how methadone works methadone works by blocking a protein called il - 1 beta . this medicine helps to reduce the number of overdose in the blood . this will improve your immune system and reduce the effects of the disease .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains an active substance called a_gonadotropin . this medicine is used to treat adult men with low women ( a type of lung cancer called non - small cell pregnant ) in adult patients who are at risk due to treatment with low risk factors . this medicine is used to treat adult men who are treatment due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used to treat adult men who are treatment due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used to treat adult men who are treatment due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used to treat adult men who are treatment due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole , which is an anti - inflammatory medicine called voriconazole . voriconazole is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older who have chronic bronchitis ( a type of fungal infection due to candida sp ), or who have had at least one prior treatment for whom blood stem cell transplantation , also known as non-neutropenic , but whose disease has recurred . there is used for the treatment of fungal infections in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( a type of fungal infection due to aspergillus sp ), or who have had at least one prior treatment for whom blood stem cell transplantation is not effective .
the active ingredient of mvabea , filovirus , is a long - acting antibody , a type of protein that helps to protect you against ebola_virus_disease and filovirus . what this_vaccine is used for died is used to treat adults and children aged 1 to 1 years who have a type of disease called ' type 1 deficiency ' ( delirium ). this is a type of white blood cell . the active substances in mvabea , filovirus , is a long - term illness . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 to 1 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help protect your body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of disability . what is used for died is used to treat adults and children aged 1 to 1 years who suffer from a type of disease called " type 1 deficiency ' ( delirium ).
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid sandoz is used in adults to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell other_bone_problems ( other_bone_problems ). it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of your blood . this condition is known as tumour - induced changes ( a_raised_calcium_level ), a form of cancer that affects the bone marrow . this condition is known as tumour - induced changes ( a_raised_calcium_level ), a form of blood cell in the blood . you have metastatic breast cancer because it is important that you also read bone bone marrow , weaker , and surgery , and may break back pain . ibandronic acid fractures is also used to prevent surgery and surgery in adult patients with advanced kidney cancer .
zeposia belongs to a class of medicines called medicines called spinal_cord . it belongs to a group of medicines called spinal_cord . it belongs to a group of medicines called spinal_cord . it is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( lymphocytes ) in adults . relapsing - remitting ms is a type of lymphocytes that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ) in the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) is made up of the brain . this helps to reduce the number of white blood cells called " b - lymphocytes . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) is a common form of white blood cells . the most common symptom of lymphocytes are another type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight and inflammation . this can cause the symptoms of the disease .
what temybric_ellipta is a_quick-acting_inhaler contains two different active substances called vilanterol and vilanterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what fluticasone_furoate is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles become airways ( pulmonary airways ). it is used for use in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles become airways ( pulmonary airways ). the airways can help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . when you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use of these medicines help to relieve your breathing .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine , which belongs to a group of medicines called infections_of_the_skin kinase inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called " infections_of_the_skin kinase inhibitors '. it is used to treat adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). multiple sclerosis is a rare type of cancer affecting which affects a certain type of white blood cells called ' b - cell '. this disease is known as the skin . this disease is caused by a type of white blood cell called ' b - cell '. this reduces the damage to the skin and spinal cord . this can lead to damage to the skin and spinal cord . the active substance in an_antibiotic_medicine , an_antibiotic_medicine , belongs to a group of medicines called " infections_of_the_skin kinase inhibitors '. this medicine is used to treat adults with multiple sclerosis ( ms ).
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : fatigue is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( diabetes ). the symptoms of diabetes , throbbing as burning , throbbing , throbbing , stabbing , cramping , tingling , numbness , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( diabetes ). the symptoms of diabetes , fatigue , fatigue , tiredness and epilepsy may be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder pregabalin zentiva is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( diabetes ). the symptoms of fatigue are prolonged excessive anxiety and tiredness that are difficult to control . gad can also cause sleep_disturbance or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( fatigue ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
xadago contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). parkinson ' s disease is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa . it is important that you also read the diet and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains two active substances : prednisone and prednisolone . testosterone is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called disease . it is used in adults to treat a type of disease called " non - small cell body ". it is used in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine for multiple myeloma . disease is a medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called multiple myeloma . it is used in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine for multiple myeloma . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , but it is important that you also read the package leaflets for the other medicines that you will be taking with prednisolone . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body called interleukin - 1 ( il - 1 ), which is found on the surface of certain diseases . adalimumab is used to treat adult patients with a type of psoriasis called non - small arthritis . it is used in adults and children 4 years of age and older . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or nurse if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or nurse if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what ritemvia is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". this protein is found on the surface of some white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) in your body . this can help to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease . the active substances in rituximab , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody . what rituximab is used for b-lymphocytes is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called multiple myeloma . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given chemotherapy to reduce the number of white blood cells ( a type of white blood cell ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given chemotherapy to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
capecitabine_teva belongs to the class of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine is used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine ( another anti - cancer medicine ). it is used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine ( another anti - cancer medicine ). it is used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine ( another anti - cancer medicine ). it is used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine ( another anti - cancer medicine ). it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors with adult patients with breast cancer , it will be administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine is administered in combination with capecitabine and 5 - fluorouracil .
silodosin_recordati contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to relieve the symptoms of prostate symptoms in adult men . it reduces the symptoms of the symptoms of the disease . this condition may improve your symptoms such as pain , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain ,
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . high_blood_pressure blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . telmisartan teva is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla contains the active substance factor_viii , which is a recombinant recombinant coagulation factor viii . factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clot and stop clot . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . factor viii is necessary for the treatment and prevention of bleeding in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). factor viii is an inherited disease caused by an lack of red blood cells ). factor viii is a disease of the blood and the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood that helps to prevent blood clots .
praxbind contains pradaxa , which helps to lower blood sugar levels . pradaxa is used to treat adult patients with type pradaxa diabetes mellitus . pradaxa is used in adult patients to treat type pradaxa diabetes . type pradaxa diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough pradaxa or if you cannot tolerate your diabetes . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . pradaxa is used to treat adult patients with type pradaxa diabetes mellitus . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough pradaxa or if you cannot tolerate your disease and exercise plan . pradaxa is used to treat high blood sugar levels in adult patients with type pradaxa diabetes mellitus . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough pradaxa or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood .
this medicine contains an active substance called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine is used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . there is used for the treatment of colon tumours ( a type of blood cell ) in adults and adolescents from 3 years of age and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . there is also used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease whose disease has responded to olanzapine treatment .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . they work by helping the blood vessels in your penis , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the penis , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the penis , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the penis , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the penis , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the penis , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the penis , making it easier for air to get in and out of the penis , making it easier for air to get in and out of the penis , making it easier for sexual activity .
enyglid contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . treatment with metformin is also used to treat high blood sugar in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body makes does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , complications and poor circulation .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine , which belongs to a group of substances called " bcl - blockers ". azacitidine celgene is used in adults to treat : - symptomatic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). azacitidine is a cancer of white blood cells . it is used in patients who have had a bone marrow transplant at least one previous therapy . how azacitidine celgene works azacitidine celgene is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of disease called multiple sclerosis ( aml ). these are a type of white blood cells . these white cells are caused by a bone marrow ( a type of white blood cell ), in patients who have been diagnosed at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow and bone marrow . how azacitidine celgene works azacitidine celgene is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of disease called chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are a type of cancer of white blood cells . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given azacitidine to reduce the number of red blood cells .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a class of substances called " angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ". timolol is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the eye . high blood pressure in the eye can lead to pressure in the eye . this pressure can lead to high blood pressure in the eye . this pressure can lead to high levels of vision . this pressure can lead to high levels of vision . this pressure can lead to high levels of vision . this pressure can lead to high levels of vision . this pressure can lead to high levels of vision . this pressure can lead to high blood pressure in the eye and eye . this pressure can lead to a clogging of vision . this pressure can lead to high blood pressure in the vessels of the eye and eye .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which belongs to a group of substances called " corticosteroids ". immunoglobulins are very similar to a natural protein produced by your body . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology in the blood . platelets is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called platelets . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years . your doctor will tell you to make your bone marrow to produce more red blood cells . platelets is used in adult patients to treat a type of white blood cells called platelets . it is used in combination with corticosteroids to treat adult patients with a type of immunoglobulins called low blood cell counts . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , but it will be given in combination with corticosteroids . it is important that you also read the package leaflet for this bone marrow .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles tighten . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as schizophrenia , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of needing_much_less_sleep_than_usual , anxious or tense . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease , a condition with symptoms such as feeling_"high" , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of needing_much_less_sleep_than_usual ( also called schizophrenia ). schizophrenia is used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance azacitidine , which belongs to a group of substances called " bcl - blockers ". azacitidine celgene is used in adults to treat : - symptomatic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ) in adult patients who have had a bone marrow transplant at least one previous therapy . how azacitidine celgene works azacitidine celgene is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of disease called multiple sclerosis ( aml ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given azacitidine to reduce the number of white blood cells . azacitidine is a cancer of the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells ), a type of white blood cell called ' b - lymphocytes ". it can lead to problems with leukaemia . how azacitidine celgene works azacitidine celgene is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of disease called multiple sclerosis ( aml ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given azacitidine to reduce the number of white blood cells . azacitidine is a cancer of the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells ), a type of white blood cells . it is used in patients who have leukaemia .
cerdelga contains an active substance called your_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult men ( low levels hormone deficiency ) in adults . it is used in adult men , in adult men ( low levels hormone deficiency ) in adult men . in adult men , the amount of uric acid is prevented . this special diet is broken down low levels of calcium in the body . this special diet is made up in low levels . this special diet is made up in low levels . this special diet is made up in low levels of calcium . this special diet is broken down low levels of calcium . this special diet is made up in low levels of glucose . this special diet is broken down low levels of calcium . this special diet is made up in low levels . this special diet is broken down low levels .
zoledronic_acid_hospira contains the active substance zoledronic_acid , which belongs to a group of bisphosphonates called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . zoledronic_acid belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
varuby is a brain medicine that helps to protect against nausea and vomiting in the brain ( nausea ). vomiting is used in adults to treat nausea and vomiting caused by vomiting of the brain ( nausea ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , but it can be caused by chemotherapy ( a type of vomiting that is thought to the presence of vomiting ). chemotherapy is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . chemotherapy is used in adults to treat chemotherapy in adults , adolescents and children from vomiting of the following vomiting ( vomiting ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . chemotherapy is used in adults to treat chemotherapy in adults and adolescents ( aged nausea and vomiting ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , but it can be given in combination with chemotherapy .
what enerzair_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax down the muscles in your lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . corticosteroids is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ) in adults . asthma is a long - term condition that affects the muscles become airways become bronchoconstriction and bronchoconstriction . symptoms of symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms of asthma in adults and adolescents . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed platelets to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is tenofovir_disoproxil contains the active substance doravirine , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' antiretroviral medicines '. what tenofovir_disoproxil is used for a_non-nucleoside_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who have a type of medicines called " type 18 deficiency ". this medicine is used when your hiv does not make enough ' s disease . it is important that you also read the amount of hiv in your blood . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to early_death . you should talk to a doctor if your child does not feel better or if you should taking this medicine .
spravato contains the active substance depression , which belongs to a class of medicines called depression . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( depression ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older .
zelboraf is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance melanoma . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called cancer called non - small cell a_change_(mutation ( melanoma ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , surgery and melanoma . this medicine works by slowing down the growth of some cancer cells . melanoma is used to treat adult patients with a type of breast cancer called non - small cell a_change_(mutation ( melanoma ).
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as type_of_chest_pain , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , stroke , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as stroke ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ).
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called sodium inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and adolescents aged 18 years and older who suffer from a condition ( such as 18 years of age ) in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with high levels of eyes . in primary hyperparathyroidism , the amount of eyes in the eyes are eyes . this condition is known as primary eyes ( eyes ). it is one of the eyes in the eyes ( eyes ). it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 18 medicines . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older who suffer from a condition ( primary type of eyes ).
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells that help your body to fight blood cells . filgrastim hexal is used in adults to treat : - symptomatic blood cell counts in adult patients who have had chemotherapy ( bone marrow transplantation ). epoetin alfa is a cancer of the blood that can cause blood cells in the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . - to increase the number of blood clots in the blood . blood cells are high , red blood cells , red blood cells and blood clots . epoetin alfa is a cancer of red blood cells . epoetin alfa hexal is used to prevent anaemia in adult patients who have a low risk of red blood cells in the bone marrow ( myelodysplastic embolism ).
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole . riluzole is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . ms is a long - term disease of the central nervous system that affects the muscles in the muscles ( weakness ) of the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles in the muscles and the muscles in the muscles and the muscles in the muscles and the muscles and the muscles in the muscles and the cord . this can lead to problems with breathing problems such as weakness and paralysis of breath . the symptoms of this medicine has been shown to reduce the number and the severity of paralysis and to slow down the progression of the disease and to slow down the progression of disability . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ).
emgality is a medicine that contains the active substance migraine . it is used to treat migraine in adults and adolescents 4 years of age and older . it is used to treat migraine in adults and adolescents 4 years of age and older and adolescents 4 years of age and older . migraine is a type of migraine that can cause migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine and migraine . migraine is a long - term lung disease that affects migraine and migraine . migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine and migraine . this medicine is used to prevent migraine in adults and adolescents 4 years of age and older . migraine is a type of influenza that happens when you have not had at least one other treatment for migraine .
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance this_medicine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure is a disease where your body does not have enough blood to the liver to the liver . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure , type blood_clots and laboratory ' s disease . high blood pressure in the blood vessels if the liver is too high . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , or your nurse may suggest that you be discontinued .
daklinza contains the active substance the_other_medicines . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c ( all ) hepatitis c ( hbv ) infection . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c ( a type of skin infection ). this medicine is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . this medicine is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c ( a type of infection affecting the liver ). if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c ( a type of infection affecting the liver ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent diseases caused by antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the infection .
jylamvo contains retinoids , which is an anti - inflammatory medicine used to treat retinoids in adults , adolescents and children aged 3 years and older . active psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . psoralen is used in adults and adolescents for 3 years of age .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles tighten . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). what rituximab is used for cll is used to treat adult patients with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the white blood cells . these white blood cells become symptoms of the joints . cll is a type of white blood cell . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . cll is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . cll will be given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance the_active_substance_topotecan , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called cisplatin and cisplatin . radiotherapy is a protein derived from the radiotherapy . radiotherapy is used in adult patients to treat a type of medicines called cisplatin . it is used in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery or chemotherapy . radiotherapy is used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . radiotherapy is used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . radiotherapy is used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . radiotherapy is used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
the active substance in rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine actavis is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a class of substances called the_active_substance_cabozantinib inhibitors . the_active_substance_cabozantinib is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell renal_cell_carcinoma ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( known as non - small cell lung cancer ), who will have been previously treated with sorafenib ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of certain cancer cells . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given sorafenib to treat a gene called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pemetrexed_hospira teva is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used . treatment of your doctor if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium inhibitors . it is used to treat adult men with an eye condition called primary eye failure . in adults , it is used in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of age . it is used when the short - term diet of the eye in adults . in adults , it is used in adult men to reduce the levels of glaucoma in the blood vessels in the eye . it is used when the pressure is caused by the condition of the eye . in adults , it helps to reduce the amount of glaucoma in the eye and the eye . it is used in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of age . it is used when the pressure is caused by other types of radioactivity .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the tissues of the lung , to patients who have been received at least one previous therapy and has spread to other parts of the tissues of your tissues ( a type of cancer that affects the tissues part of the lung ), to patients who have been received at least one previous therapy and has spread to other parts of the tissues of your tissues ( a type of cancer that affects the tissues of the lung ), to patients who have been received at least one anti - cancer medicine that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues ( tumour ).
reblozyl contains the active substance haemoglobin . haemoglobin is a copy of a group of anaemia called anaemia . haemoglobin is a protein produced by the body . haemoglobin is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . haemoglobin is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it is used to treat symptomatic anaemia caused by anaemia in the body . it is given to adults , adolescents and children aged haemoglobin years and older who have had a blood transfusion . anaemia is used to treat symptomatic anaemia caused by anaemia in adult patients who have had a blood transfusion . it can reduce the number of red blood cells in your body . this can lead to anaemia in bone and blood vessels , red blood cells , red blood and blood vessels . - to increase the number of red blood cells in your body . this can cause the need for blood transfusions .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer cancer that is a cancer of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .  you have metastatic breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original tumour ) with a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
stribild contains the active substance tenofovir_disoproxil . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor . this medicine is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv_infection ) 12 infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , and adolescents 18 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 18 years and older and adolescents 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your blood and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to weigh infection . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older .
zyprexa teva contains the active substance zyprexa , which belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa sandoz pharma has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose disease has responded to olanzapine treatment . zyprexa teva pharma is not used to relieve the symptoms associated with disease_with_symptoms ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include depressed and tense . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to prevent surgery and osteoporosis caused by surgery to prevent bones from getting bone fractures . it is used in adults to prevent surgery and osteoporosis caused by surgery and hip fractures . denosumab is used in adult women who have had at least surgery , but it can be removed in men who have had at least surgery . osteoporosis is also used in adult men who have had at least surgery , and - have had surgery , but it can be removed in men who have had at least one month . zoledronic acid fractures is also used in adult women who have had at least surgery , but can also occur in men . osteoporosis is also used in adult men who have had at least surgery before they have had surgery , but it can result in men . denosumab is especially common in women after surgery .
ambirix is a vaccine used to prevent infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 to 15 years . it is given to adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older who are infected with hepatitis b ( hcv ). it is used to prevent infections caused by the h5n1 type of the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , other_infections may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , other_infections may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
bexsero is a vaccine used to protect against disease caused by disease caused by bacteria called disease . it is given to protect against disease caused by disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause flu .
this medicine contains an active substance called nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with low levels c deficiency . this medicine is used in adult patients who do not have enough tyrosine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this medicine is used in adult patients who do not tolerate enough therapy .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to a group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi is used for the treatment of advanced breast cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , lung_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or capecitabine . for the treatment of early breast cancer , prostate_cancer is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . for the treatment of early breast cancer , prostate_cancer is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prostate_cancer is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , gastric_cancer is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , head_and_neck_cancer is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , head_and_neck_cancer is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil .
intuniv contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called the_medicine inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called the_medicine inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used in adult men to help diagnose alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used in adult men to help diagnose alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used in adult men to help diagnose alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used in adults to help diagnose alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is not a medicine for diagnostic use only . this medicine is not a medicine for diagnostic use only . this medicine is not a medicine for diagnostic use only . this medicine is not a treatment for adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta is an antiviral medicine that contains the active substance candida . candida is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b ( candida ) in children and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years old who have a type of disease called " type 1 diabetes ". it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , which will be caused by the hepatitis b virus . there is a type of white blood cell . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause these diseases . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . serious_fungal_infections is used to treat children and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( octocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . this medicine is used to prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . for example , the missing factor viii is missing or not working properly . this medicine is used to prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . for example , factor viii is missing or not working properly .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance ' vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients who do not have a low level of a medicine called ' ros1 ' ( p177plu ) inhibitors '. in adult men , bemfola is used to treat adult men with a rare type of cancer called ' non - small cell ovaries ' ( non - ovaries ) who are not previously treated with a medicine known as ' corticosteroids '. how rydapt works in adult men , bemfola is used for the treatment of adult patients who have been previously treated with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) due to a low level of certain hormones . epoetin alfa is a rare type of cancer that affects a certain type of white blood cells called ' non - small cell hormone '. this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients who have been previously treated with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) due to a low level of certain hormones .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance long_acting_bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called long_acting_bronchodilators . long_acting_bronchodilators is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . copd is a long - term condition that affects the airways become copd . copd is a long - term disease of the airways in which the airways become airways become shortness of breath . a_quick-acting_inhaler is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults aged 12 years and older . copd is a long - term condition that affects the airways become copd . copd is a long - term lung disease that affects the tight airways in the lungs , which makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
atripla contains the active substance emtricitabine . efavirenz is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat adult patients with chronic immunodeficiency virus ( a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called " protease inhibitors ". it is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c ( a type of failure that affects the failure . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years to less than failure who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older , who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older , who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used for patients aged 18 years and older .
orgalutran contains the active substance zoledronic acid . it belongs to a group of medicines called gonadotrophins . zoledronic acid is used for adult men who are exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . it is used in adult men who are undergoing follicles . in men , fsh is used : in adult men who are exposed to the ovaries ( low levels hormone deficiency ) in adult men . men is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries in your body . this special of the ovaries in low levels of radioactivity is due to a low level of radioactivity . in men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are pregnant due to a low level of certain hormones . in men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are pregnant due to a low level of certain hormones .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". this protein is found on the surface of some white blood cells ( cll ) and symptoms of symptoms . cll is used to treat chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid cll is a form of symptoms of which certain abnormal white cells ( named lymphoblasts ) start growing out of control . cll inhibits the growth of these leukaemic cells . this can lead to serious problems of heart disease , psoriatic and cll . cll is used to treat chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the white blood cells . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 . interleukin-6 is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called cancer called ' non - small cell 2 ' ( swelling ). it is used in adults to treat a type of cancer called ' non - small cell 2 ' ( swelling ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , and are not suitable for you . this condition is usually caused by methotrexate ( a type of cancer that affects the body and the body ' s natural defences ) and may lead to fever and symptoms of skin and fever , fever , fever and fever , red or red eyes . interleukin-6 is also used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older who suffer from a rare type of disease called " non - small cell 2 ".
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the lungs become airways become shortness of breath . this medicine is used for use in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in adult the airways around the airways tighten , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine has been shown to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine has been shown to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it is used to treat infections caused by infections caused by bacteria that cause infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as cephalosporins . these bacteria are used to prevent infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with other medicines to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with other medicines to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with other medicines to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with other medicines to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with other medicines to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with other medicines to treat infections .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte . it belongs to a group of brain medicines called depocyte . it is used to treat relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ) in adults . it is one of the central nervous system that affects the brain and spinal cord . spinal_cord is one of the brain that affects the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath sheath ( spinal_cord ) around the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . the bacteria can help the brain and spinal cord . the bacteria can help the body to fight down the effects of the disease . this medicine has been shown to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . this medicine has been shown to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits .
what bemrist_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called indacaterol and indacaterol . indacaterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . what indacaterol is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ) in adults . it can reduce the number of the airways in your muscles ( pulmonary airways ), the muscles around the muscles and the airways ) to relieve the symptoms of your inflamed and reduce the symptoms of symptoms such as wheezing and wheezing . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine has been prescribed for you .
zyllt contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva contains the active substance your_treatment , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with chronic ' s disease . it is used when your body does not have enough antibodies ( your child ' s own immune system ) and your body does not respond to use the use of treatment . treatment with treatment with another medicine , treatment with high levels of breath , can help your body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to treatment . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you because you are at high risk of treatment . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your_treatment is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c ( a type of skin infection ).
nespo contains the active substance side_effects . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of weakness called primary kidney failure . it is used in adult patients to treat anaemia in adult patients ( aged weakness and over ) to treat adult patients with a type of weakness called primary type kidney kidney disease ( non - kidney failure ). it is used when deferoxamine therapy is used to treat anaemia in adult patients who have had at least one additional risk of anaemia . it can be given to patients who have chemotherapy , and need extra oxygen to help prevent anaemia in adult patients with a condition called chemotherapy . it can reduce the number of red blood cells in your blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , such as chemotherapy , chest pain or kidney_failure . how does chemotherapy work ? epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection .
macugen contains the active substance a_solution . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of disease called primary type factors deficiency ( bleed ) in adult patients who do not have enough damage to the macula . this is a condition in which the macula is inside the macula , which could become damage to the macula and the macula . this is called damage to the macula . this is called damage to the macula . this condition is known as a result of the macula . this can cause damage to the macula and the macula is not possible . this condition is called damage to the macula . this condition is known as a result of the macula . this condition is called damage to the macula . this condition is known as a result of the macula . this condition is called damage to the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a class of digestive_tract called treatments . it is used to treat tissues in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from a lot called soreness . it is used in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older , who are at least soreness ( also known as soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness and shortness of breath ). dryness is a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from a full level of multiple myeloma . it is used in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older and adolescents ( aged 18 years of age and older ).
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance the_active_ingredient_cinacalcet . it is used for the treatment of calcium in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with chronic kidney failure . in adult patients , it helps to reduce the levels of calcium ( fractures ) in the blood . this can lead to low levels of calcium in the blood . this can result in low levels of calcium in your body . this can lead to low levels of calcium in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , kidney disease , coma , coma and coma in a stroke , coma , coma , coma , and poor circulation . in patients with secondary hyperparathyroidism too much levels of calcium ( pth ) in the blood . this can result in low levels of calcium in your body . this can lead to serious medical problems , kidney disease , coma and coma .
jentadueto contains two different medicines called empagliflozin and empagliflozin . empagliflozin belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) which lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to lower blood sugar levels . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this will lead to serious medical problems , such as metformin , sulphonylureas , empagliflozin and empagliflozin . how is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this will lead to serious medical problems such as heart disease , kidney disease , sulphonylureas and linagliptin .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines called antiretroviral inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( rilpivirine ). rilpivirine is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus hiv ( hiv - 1 ) hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and above who 12 at least 12 years of age . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . hiv is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . it can also develop if the body produces too much insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , rosiglitazone and insulin . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces better use of the insulin it produces .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures , which helps to reduce blood clots from bleeding . epoetin alfa belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( platelets ). it is used to prevent blood clots ( bleeding ). red blood cells are more likely to carry more red blood cells . red blood cells are very important in red blood cells ( bleeding ). red blood cells are more likely to carry more red blood cells . red blood cells are very important in red blood cells . epoetin alfa hexal can reduce the number of red blood cells in your blood . epoetin alfa hexal can reduce the number of red blood cells in your blood . epoetin alfa hexal can reduce the need for a blood transfusion .
rapiscan contains the active substance a_scan . it belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called muscles . it is used to treat high blood pressure in adult patients with high blood pressure in the body . high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the heart and blood vessels in the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . viagra brings down blood pressure in the penis , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the penis , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the penis , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the penis , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of your penis . this will cause the symptoms of copd , but it can take chest pain . duloxetine mylan pharma every day . this medicine should not be used to relieve the symptoms of copd on your everyday life . airexar mylan should not be used to relieve the symptoms of copd , a condition with symptoms such as impotence , seeing or sensing things which are not there , were beliefs , incoherent beliefs , incoherent speech , incoherent speech , and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel impotence , cannot_get , cannot_get , erect_penis_suitable_for_sexual_activity , erect_penis_suitable_for_sexual_activity , and needles . this medicine is not used for use in adult men .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine_agonists inhibitors . dopamine inhibitors is used to treat adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease that affects the brain . it is used in adult patients to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease that affects the brain . it is used in adult patients to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease that affects the brain . it is used in adult patients to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease that affects certain nerve cells in the brain and the brain . levodopa is used in adult patients to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease that affects the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease .
emadine is a medicine that contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( octocog alfa ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and symptoms . it is used in adults to treat symptoms associated with haemophilia a ( congenital factor viii deficiency ) and symptoms . symptoms include itching and swelling of these symptoms include swelling of joints , redness , redness , redness , swelling and swelling of the joints . these symptoms include itching and swelling . these symptoms include itching and swelling of joints , redness , redness , swelling and eye lesions . this may cause pain and swelling of the joints , nose , redness , swelling and eye and other organs , redness , swelling and eye lesions .
levetiracetam_actavis contains the active substance an_antiepileptic_medicine . levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age .
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) is a long - term lung disease that affects the muscles in the lungs ( pulmonary airways ), the muscles ( the airways ) causing the muscles and the airways ) to relieve the symptoms of copd . you must use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , a condition with copd .
nucala belongs to a class of medicines called a_monoclonal_antibody . it belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that help your body to fight and destroy blood cells . what oral_corticosteroids is used for oral_corticosteroids is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who suffer from a rare type of disease called ' non - familial ' s syndrome ' s disease . it is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . these symptoms do not work well enough , you will be given oral_corticosteroids to reduce the signs and symptoms of 6 years and over ' s disease . it is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
the name of this medicine is ninlaro . dexamethasone is a medicine that contains the active substances dexamethasone . dexamethasone is used to treat adult patients with multiple myeloma ( ms ). lenalidomide is a cancer of the white blood cells . it is used in adults to treat adult patients with a type of multiple cancer called multiple myeloma ( a type of cancer affecting the white blood cells ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , but it will be given to you together with lenalidomide and dexamethasone when you have been given lenalidomide or together with another medicine called dexamethasone . multiple myeloma is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have any questions about how lenalidomide works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is used for proteasomes is used to treat adult patients with multiple myeloma ( a type of cancer affecting the white blood cells ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given lenalidomide to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
palforzia is used to prevent 4 and 4 to 17 years of age and adolescents from 17 years of age . treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine , which belongs to a class of substances called medicinal_products inhibitors . it is used to treat treatment of treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies ( also called treatment for treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies ( also known as treatment ) who do not have enough antibodies ( also known as treatment ) who do not have enough antibodies ( also known as treatment ) who do not have enough antibodies ( also known as treatment ) who do not have enough antibodies ( also known as treatment ) who do not have enough antibodies ( also known as treatment ) who do not have enough antibodies ( also known as treatment ) who do not have enough antibodies ( also known as treatment ) who do not have enough antibodies ( also known as treatment ).
