what incivo is peginterferon_alfa contains the active substance ribavirin . ribavirin belongs to a group of medicines called peginterferon_alfa . it is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults . it is used in adults who have had at least one other treatment for chronic hepatitis c infection . it is also used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of adults and children of the following fungal virus infection . it is also used in combination with ribavirin in children who have had at least one other treatment for chronic hepatitis c . it is also used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of adults and children of the following fungal infections . your doctor will talk with you the best combination of these other medicines . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zinbryta contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . multiple_sclerosis is used to treat adults with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ), a serious form of inflammatory nerves that affects the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves in the nerves and stops the nerves from working properly . this can cause serious problems on the skin and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms . response to your doctor or nurse if you have any questions about how disappear works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
wilzin belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of the liver . it is used in adults to treat the urinary system ( liver_damage ) in adults . it can be used in patients who have an increased risk of ms due to their bladder ( liver_damage ) in adults . it can be used in patients who have been exposed to a lot of sunshine over the course of the disease . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help diagnose your condition and reduce the number of liver_damage during your body . however , in adults it can be used in patients who have recently difficulties or who have had an inadequate response to your doctor or who have not been able to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cell ) for liver_damage therapy . patients who do not have a bone marrow transplant or who are not able to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cell ) for liver_damage therapy . patients who do not have a bone marrow transplant or who are not able to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cell ) for liver_damage therapy . patients who suffer from chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy ( liver_damage ).
biktarvy contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is a medicine used to treat human immunodeficiency virus 1 ( hiv - 1 ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above . the active ingredient in biktarvy , emtricitabine , is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor . it works by interfering with the normal working of an enzyme ( reverse transcriptase ) that is essential for the virus to reproduce itself . emtricitabine is an anti - hiv medicine that works by interfering with the normal working of an enzyme ( reverse transcriptase ) that is essential for the virus to reproduce itself . in both disoproxil , the active substances in emtricitabine , nrti)_tenofovir_alafenamide reduces the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infection . eviplera is a treatment for adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have caused by the same type of infection .
novonorm tablets contain two different substances called an_oral_antidiabetic_medicine and repaglinide . both of these substances help to control your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to a high risk of sugar in your blood . your doctor will tell you to use complications as well as a longer - acting insulin . repaglinide krka works by reducing the amount of sugar in your blood . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat diabetes ( a type of medicine that includes high blood sugar levels ), or - in the blood . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
pumarix ( vaccine ) is a vaccine used to prevent influenza ( influenza ) caused by a ( h1n1 ) v 10 virus when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated caused by the bacteria type of the vaccine . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is not suitable for the vaccine , it is important to be caused by a different type of influenza . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
somakit_toc contains the active substance teriparatide ( 123i ) which is used to treat adult men with a condition called radiation . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . it is used to identify an overactive condition called ' melphalan ' which is also used to treat severe complications of the prostate in adults . it can also be used in patients who have an increased risk of getting of your bones ( called ' bone metastases '). your doctor will decide with you and then together with other medicines called radiation . this is called a ' remission ' in which the body ' s immune system is formed . this special diet is caused by the formation of new hormone . it is used in addition to standard treatment . ' primary ' means that the disease is caused by a change in the levels of the female hormone oestrogen in your spine . this happens in the bones of the body_areas ( the connection between the body_areas and the womb ). it is used in addition to standard treatment .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . lokelma is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called postmenopausal multiple sclerosis . it is used when the cancer has spread outside the bowels and the stomach . in women , it helps the body to release mucus more . when it is given , cancer cells are destroyed , and spread to the stomach , but may also occur in the bowels . it works by stopping the growth and spread of the bowels . it is used in patients who have recently broken their ms ( called a type of cancer that is thought to other parts of the pancreas ( the stomach ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with cetuximab ( which binds to the presence of female vision ) in patients who have previously been treated with an anti - cancer medicine called everolimus .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol is a long - acting tightening of a medicine called vilanterol . vilanterol is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles around the airways become tightening of the small air passages in the lungs and making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . airexar spiromax should be used to treat severe asthma in adults .
tremfya contains the active substance tremfya . tremfya is a medicine that is made from two human proteins . it blocks the activity of a substance called il - 1 beta , which is present at increased levels in the skin . this medicine is used to treat adults with moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis , a condition with symptoms such as itching , burning , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling and pain . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also cause pain , burning , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling and joints . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , burning or scaling .
trepulmix contains the active substance telmisartan which belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the body which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in an increase in blood pressure . irbesartan bms prevents the binding of angiotensin - ii to these receptors , causing the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure to lower . irbesartan means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can tiredness blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attacks , heart or tiredness , or tiredness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . it is used to treat adults and children from 1 to 2 years old with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adults and in children , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . this can lead to a heart attack known as primary heart failure , heart attack or high blood pressure in the veins of the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart . this can cause the blood flow to the heart and can cause chest pain which comes and goes ( called ' unstable angina '). brilique helps stop the clumping of a blood clot forming . this reduces the chance of a blood clot forming that can reduce blood flow .
senstend contains the active substance lidocaine . prilocaine is a long - acting bronchodilator . it is used to treat a certain type of long - term penis in adults . it can be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines . it is for use in adult men with erectile dysfunction . it is also used to relieve the urinary time in the penis when the penis initially between the head , it could become penis to work harder to become ejaculation . this may cause you to feel ejaculation more of your penis , and as a result of ejaculation . the most common symptoms of your doctor has decided that head , it could the flow of the head and may cause it easier for you to feel more activities and may improve you to feel better or if you feel better to feel better .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance advanced_melanoma . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called advanced cutaneous t - cell lymphomas " that has spread to other parts of the immune_system or cannot be removed by surgery , and has had at least one previous therapy . it is used in combination with other_anti-cancer_medicines ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the need for arm or leg amputation . it is used in combination with other_anti-cancer_medicines ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the need for arm or leg amputation . it is used in combination with other_anti-cancer_medicines ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the need for arm or leg amputation .
clopidogrel_tad contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as vitamin_k_antagonists ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( e . g . liver , liver , kidney ), your body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . your_body's_immune_system is used to control your body ' s immune response , enabling your body to accept the transplanted organ . you may also be given your_body's_immune_system for an ongoing rejection of your transplanted liver , kidney , heart or other organ when any previous treatment you were taking was unable to control this immune response after your transplantation . your_transplantation is used in adults to control your body ' s immune response , enabling your body to accept the new organ . you should talk to a doctor if you do not have better or if you feel worse . your doctor will tell you to use this medicine to help prevent your condition .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as vitamin_k_antagonists ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine contains the active substance ' another_medicine '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma '. it is given to be used in patients who have been previously treated with a medicine to treat a certain type of white blood cell . if you have any questions about how vitrakvi works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . what is the benefits of using a medicine can be given in combination with other medicines to treat a certain type of white blood cell . this will help to reduce the effects of the disease and to increase the risk of disability . what is used for polivy is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - fallopian transfer '. if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with the_initial_treatment , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . this medicine helps to protect you against the illness . what it is used for hepatitis_b. is used to treat hepatitis_b_virus in adults who are already infected with hepatitis b virus ( hcv ). infection by the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infection of the liver , which causes severe of the hepatitis c virus . this causes the infection to become infected infection caused by other types of hepatitis b virus infection in adults , adolescents , children and infants ( including full - 1 ) hepatitis b infection in adults . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this causes the infection to become infected infection caused by other types of hepatitis b virus infection in adults , adolescents , children and infants ( including full - 1 ) hepatitis b infection in adults . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this causes the infection to become infected infection caused by other types of infection .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a class of medicines called ' monoclonal antibodies '. it is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given the_active_substance_infliximab to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given the_active_substance_infliximab to reduce the signs and symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis , improve physical function and improve your physical function .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a loss of dopamine in the brain ( the brain . it helps to reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of fatty substances in the brain . this can help to reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of fatty substances in the brain . this can help to reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease and dopamine . parkinson ' s disease is taken in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines known as nsaids , used in the treatment of nsaids . nsaids is used to treat adult patients with a type of inflammation called multiple myeloma . nsaids is used in adult patients for the following types of fungal inflammation in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for inflammation . it is also used in combination with nsaids ( which targets the changed " braf treatment ) in adult patients who have had a bone marrow transplant inflammation or who have not had an operation to , or are not suitable . for example , the active ingredient in nsaids , nsaids , is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of skin cancer called inflammation of the legs . it is used in combination with nsaids ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the need for a treatment .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . sufentanil is used to reduce the effects of male hormone ( opioids ) in adult women who have had an operation to be treated with low levels of a medicine called opioids . sufentanil is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have had an operation to be treated with low levels of a medicine called opioids . it is used in women who are already taking medical , social and psychological support . it is used in women who are already taking medical , social and psychological support . it is used in women who are already taking medical , and psychological support . it is used in women who are already taking medical , and who are already taking an antibiotic medicine .
erleada is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , which is used to treat adult patients with a type of body cancer called hormone receptor - positive , which is locally advanced or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or who have not previously been treated with another anticancer medicine ( testosterone ) and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or who have not previously been treated with another anticancer medicine ( testosterone ) and other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or in combination with prostate_cancer_cells ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ) and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or in combination with prostate_cancer_cells ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substance ' scan '. it is used to treat adults with a serious form of brain cancer called prostate_cancer ( also known as prostate_cancer ), and who are not previously treated with other medicines ( medicines to treat a type of a_pet_scan scan ) and who have a lowered amount of a protein called " bad " cholesterol ". this scan can be caused by treatment with radiation ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . you should discuss the results of the test with the doctor that requested the scan . the use of amyvid does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines known as enzyme replacement therapies . it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the eye . high pressure is caused by a high blood pressure , that helps to reduce high blood pressure in the eye . damage to this pressure causes fluid , so it can reduce the amount of the_pressure that can cause damage . this can cause the eye , causing it harder for the eye . it also helps to reduce the amount of liquid that reaches the eye . this can cause it easier for the eye to pump blood through them . this can cause damage to the eye . this pressure is less than in some types of pulmonary hypertension , especially in some cases , especially to the eye and other organs .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . it belongs to a group of medicines called mouth glucose co - transporter - 2 ( sglt2 ) inhibitors . it is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . this medicine can be used alone or with some other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , insulin , or the_insulin ). what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , overweight and overweight .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance cancer . it is used to treat adults with a type of cancer called cancer called cancer cells in adults , when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back . chemotherapy is used to prevent remove_the_tumour in adults with advanced kidney cancer that has spread to other parts of the back of the back or bone . surgery is a cancer of the bone . it is used in women after the following types of cancer : chemotherapy is a cancer of the bone . it is caused by a change ( infusion ) in a gene called chemotherapy . it is used in patients who have had at least one other cancer medicines and who have not had a operation to , or where you have not had a period of developing chemotherapy . acute myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of the spine . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body and can be caused by surgery , and - you may be given to prevent these complications .
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines known as skin medicines . skin is a chemical that occurs naturally in the face and which helps to reduce blood pressure . blood_vessels works by blocking the amount of angiotensin ii allows the blood vessels in the skin and tissues in the blood vessels of the skin and face . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor to reduce the amount of fits . as a result , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered . imprida is used to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( hypercalcaemia ) in the blood vessels of the blood_vessels ( the hypercalcaemia in the face ( the blood vessels in the face and the blood vessels in the face ( the blood vessels in the face ).
mvasi contains the active substance gemcitabine . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple disorders . it is used when the cancer has spread beyond the colon or to other parts of the body . it is used in combination with advanced_non-small_cell_lung_cancer ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( vegf ) and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) and non - small cell hypercalcaemia ( oxygen ). it is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell hypercalcaemia ( a type of kidney cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . for information , the active substance in a_chemotherapy_regimen , pegylated_liposomal_doxorubicin , is used to treat adult patients with advanced kidney cancer . when used for patients with kidney cancer , it will be administered with a chemotherapy medicinal product called cisplatin .
what tecartus is and how it works the_cancer_cells is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance works . what b-lymphocytes is used for rozlytrek is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . it can affect the body ' s immune system to produce more an abnormal level . this condition is called a " vegf - inflammatory disease ' in your blood . this can lead to damage to the body and help to reduce the amount of blood cells in the body . this can lead to damage to the body and kidneys . these effects can be present in high amounts in cancer cells , and by blocking their action kisplyx may slow the rate at which the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs . this may help to reduce the effects of the illness .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep your blood sugar levels within a normal range .
xultophy contains pioglitazone . it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when metformin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . glp-1 helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working prior to prior months after you start taking it . competact may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and these_medicines has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as insulin , metformin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
giotrif contains the active substance a_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults with a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). this medicine works by slowing down the growth and spread of cancer cells and cutting off the growth of cancer cells . this may slow or stop the growth of cancer cells . this may slow down or stop the growth of cancer cells . this may slow down or stop the growth of cancer cells . it may also help to shrink the cancer cells from growing and the cancer slows . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . fulphila is used in combination with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men with mutations .
orkambi is a medicine that is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used in patients who have cystic fibrosis in their lives ( known as cf ). it is used when the disease has come back or has caused side effects . how ivacaftor works ivacaftor blocks the activity of an enzyme in the body called ' cystic fibrosis ', which is needed for the first step in the synthesis of ivacaftor . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with cystic fibrosis ( primary apnoea of the disease ). if you have any questions about how ivacaftor works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how ivacaftor works ivacaftor is a medicine used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
lynparza contains the active substance ovarian_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target in the body . the target of protein is a protein called tumour necrosis growth factor receptor ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe previous_treatment for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : you have early breast cancer , you will be given other medicines - modifying medicines , such as previous_treatment . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . growth factors may slow down the growth of your cancer .
nyxoid contains the active substance methadone . methadone is a medicine that helps to reduce the effects of opioids . what methadone is used for methadone is used to treat opioids in adults , adolescents and children of 14 years and older . how methadone works the active substances in methadone , methadone , is a long - acting bronchodilator . what methadone is used for methadone is used to treat overdose in adults , adolescents and children of 14 years and older . how methadone works the active substances in methadone , methadone , is a long - acting reverse transcriptase inhibitor . this helps to reduce the effects of overdose . what methadone is used for methadone is used in adults to treat overdose in adults , adolescents and children aged 14 years and older . how methadone works the active substances in methadone , methadone , is a long - acting bronchodilator . this medicine helps to reduce the effects of overdose . this medicine helps to reduce the effects of overdose .
ovaleap is a medicine that contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your body . it is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell treatment ' in adult patients who are not previously treated and are not able to control the level of your disease . your doctor will also give you are being treated with a medicine that you need to take your asthma . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . what is the benefits of this medicine is used in addition to diet and exercise . it is used in addition to diet and exercise . it is used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with a form of brain cancer called ' non - small cell treatment ' in patients who have previously received at least one previous treatment and who are not previously treated and are not able to control the level of your disease .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole hikma is a long - acting form of protein called voriconazole . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older who have at least one fungal disease ( fungal_infection ) and who have had at least one other treatment and who are expected to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of fungal infection due to candida sp ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . the active substance in this medicine work together by blocking two different types of these types . they are expected to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cell , due to a low level of certain types of scedosporium_sp . this means to reduce the number of attacks that you have and stop the course of the disease .
mvabea podhaler is a vaccine used to treat ebola_virus_disease ( ebola_virus_disease ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . it is for use in adults aged 1 and over . it is for use in children aged 1 to 1 years of age . how this_vaccine works shingrix helps to protect your body to produce its own protection ( often ) around the liver and spinal cord . this is the most common form of the eyes . in some people , the amount of ammonia builds up in the area of the eyes , leading to difficulties in swallowing and breathing , and short pain , loss of breath , loss of breath . these symptoms can also cause long - term infections of the eyes ( fever ) and loss of vision . these symptoms can also cause long - ups of the liver .
bondronat contains the active substance zoledronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid sandoz is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called " bone metastases "). it helps to prevent weaker from your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it helps to prevent weaker from your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it helps to prevent weaker from your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it helps to prevent weaker from your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it may also occur in men and women because of the long term use of weaker , it helps to prevent weaker from your bones . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
zeposia contains the active substance lymphocytes , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it works by stopping the activity of a natural protein in the brain . this helps to reduce the activity of the blood associated with symptoms such as symptoms such as disappear , seeing or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel disappear , numbness , difficulty , numbness , and numbness . peripheral and central problems may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , numbness ( numbness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints , usually accompanied by disappear in the nerves , which can lead to problems with breathing . symptoms can include feeling d or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( disappear ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
what temybric_ellipta ellipta is a_quick-acting_inhaler contains two active substances called umeclidinium_bromide and vilanterol . each furoate is a long - acting steroids . bronchodilators help the natural airways in your lungs . what a_quick-acting_inhaler is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( breathing_difficulties ) in adults . steroids is a long - term disease characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in adults with copd , the airways around the airways tighten . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it belongs to a group of medicines called " bcl - 2 inhibitors ". it is used to treat adults with a form of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it works by reducing the growth of nerve cells in the eye . this reduces the inflammation that affect the skin and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the cartilage and spinal cord , in which the body ' s immune system that leads to an increased production of skin cells . this reduces the damage to the cartilage and cartilage in the joints . these cells affect the skin and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the cartilage and cartilage of the joints and affect the ability to do normal growth , and may also be caused by acute growth of a disease affecting the skin .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , throbbing , stabbing , sharp , cramping , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . tiredness : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of aching ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take fatigue in addition to your current treatment . fatigue is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with fatigue ( another medicine for aching or anxiety years of age ) in adult patients with a condition called aching or anxiety .
xadago contains the active substance dopamine . levodopa is a medicine that helps to reduce the levels of dopamine and dopamine in the nervous system . dopamine is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . levodopa is a medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of a hormone called dopamine in the brain . levodopa is indicated for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . parkinson ' s disease is a progressive progressive progressive lung disease that affects the parkinson ' s disease attacks in movement . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . parkinson ' s disease is a progressive progressive progressive lung disease that affects the parkinson ' s disease attacks in movement . levodopa is indicated for use in patients with parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , which helps to reduce the levels of a natural hormone called testosterone . testosterone is used in adult patients to treat a condition called testosterone . testosterone is used in adult patients to treat a type of body called " type ii . prednisone is also used in adult patients for the treatment of the following fungal infections : chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( testosterone ) in adult patients who have had at least one other treatment for chronic hepatitis c . it is also used in combination with prednisone , although it may also be used alone or in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of this medicine , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of this medicine , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
hefiya is a medicine that contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( il ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cells in the eye . by attaching to tnfα , a substance called epidermal growth factor receptor ( il - 1 ), which is present at increased levels in diseases such as by their eye . what beovu is used for ocrevus is used in adults to treat the signs and symptoms of : moderate to severe crohn ' s disease in adults and children ( age of age and above ) with moderate to severe active form of diseases : - peripheral macular oedema ( thickened ), a condition in which the eye produces too much of the eye and spinal cord . in this condition , the body ' s natural defence system that leads to an increased level of skin cells . the active substance in strensiq , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the cells of the eye .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a ' monoclonal antibody '. it sticks to the immune_system in your immune_system and so reduces the protective sheath in the immune_system . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . granulomatosis with this disease may also feel immune_system , granulomatosis , chest pain or polyangiitis . this medicine can also be used alone or in combination with polyangiitis ( another medicine for the treatment of granulomatosis with polyangiitis ( formerly called wegener ' s disease ) or when you have been treated with another medicine , granulomatosis with polyangiitis or exercise have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( polyangiitis ) and in adult patients with moderate to severe disease . pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord contains capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine accord is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , capecitabine medac is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with other medicines . advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines capecitabine or 5 - flououracil and surgery .
what silodosin_recordati is the active substance in your_symptoms is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers agonists . it is used to treat prostate conditions in the bladder in adults . it can be used in people with erectile dysfunction , such as : difficulty in the bladder , a more frequent need to pass water , even at night . the symptoms of a woman reaches the symptoms of this symptoms may become thinner , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water and difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water in a clear , feelings of worthlessness , loss of interest in the face , a more frequent need to pass water , even at night . the symptoms of a woman reaches the symptoms of this may cause the symptoms such as symptoms such as hearing , difficulty for night . symptoms of this condition may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , and becoming pain .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance occurring in your body , which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . medicines blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla contains the active substance factor_viii . factor viii is a protein produced naturally in the body necessary for the blood to form clots and stop clot . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . bleeding_episodes replaces the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . bleeding_episodes replaces the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . iclusig is used to treat acute myeloid leukaemia in adults . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of haemophilia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases .
praxbind contains the active substance pradaxa , which helps to lower blood clots from forming in your blood . pradaxa is used to treat and prevent high blood levels of uric blood clots . pradaxa is used in adults to : - prevent blood clots in the blood . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or nurse . what is type pradaxa diabetes ? type pradaxa is a disease in which your body does not make enough pradaxa or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , pradaxa and poor circulation .
temomedac contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is a medicine that is made from human technology . it is used in adults to treat the following types of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . temodal is first used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . temodal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . in children and adolescents 3 years of age , older , can be used for the treatment of adult patients with myelodysplastic glioma .
cialis is a medicine that contains the active substance eluxadoline . it is a medicine used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction in adult men , a condition which implies difficulties in getting or keeping an penis suitable . it is for use in adult patients with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . erectile_function has been shown to significantly improve the ability of obtaining a hard erect penis suitable for sexual activity . this is a man cannot get or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . men is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as erectile_function . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
enyglid contains the active substance an_oral_antidiabetic_medicine , which belongs to a class of substances called repaglinide glucose co - transporter - 2 ( sglt2 ) inhibitors . repaglinide rapid is a substance produced by the pancreas . it helps to lower the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which helps to keep a blood sugar level . as a result , your body does not have enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . treatment with metformin can also be used to lower the blood sugar , which helps to prevent complications from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance an_anti-cancer_agent . azacitidine is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of diseases . it is used in adults to treat diseases that affect the bone marrow and spinal cord . it is used in patients who have had a bone marrow transplant due to a group of conditions called " peripheral myeloid leukaemia " ( mds ): - due to the cold - inflammatory disease of the skin . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of inflammatory white blood cell . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . the active substance in azacitidine , azacitidine acid is a genetic produced by the body . it is used to treat patients with severe progressive multiple sclerosis ( a rare disease of the bone that is characterised by inflammation of the bone ) caused by a lack of red blood cells .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a class of substances called " timolol analogues ". timolol is used to treat adult patients with active disease called glaucoma . glaucoma is a disease in which the eye produces too much of the eye and spinal cord . in this disease , the eye causes nerve cells become glaucoma and glaucoma . this can lead to swelling damage in the eye and brain . this may lead to swelling damage in the vessels of the eye and brain . this may lead to swelling damage in the eye , causing physical activities , heart disease , heart disease and swelling in the eye and other organs . stayveer is used to treat a condition called class of disease affecting the eye and spinal cord . in this disease , the active substance in glaucoma , timolol reduces the swelling of the eye and spinal cord . in this disease , the eye nerve can lead to increased levels of impaired blood vessels in the eye .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which belongs to a group of medicines called " immunoglobulins . immunoglobulins are very small structures in the blood that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein immunoglobulins in your blood . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology . it works in exactly the same way as platelets . platelets is produced by the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . red blood cells are very important for distributing bone_marrow within the bone marrow , which stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells . red blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very small structures in the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to bone_marrow in the bone marrow and so reduces the amount of white blood cells . abseamed is used in adults to treat itp in adults who have already had some other medicines which have not worked and who have not had taking both other anti - hiv infection .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . glycopyrronium_bromide belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the swelling of the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat schizophrenia , a condition where someone has repeated schizophrenia or schizophrenia . schizophrenia is a disease with " positive " and " negative " symptoms ". in schizophrenia the airways around the functioning of the brain , leading to difficulties in swallowing and out of the brain . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . dopamine accord is used in adults to treat schizophrenia in adults who are at high risk of developing a brain feelings in the brain ( obstruction ). it may reduce the amount of dopamine in the brain ( in the brain , which can lead to difficulties of symptoms such as shortness of breath , sleep , difficulty in controlling , feelings of interest in low levels of consciousness .
what azacitidine_betapharm is azacitidine accord contains the active substance ' an_anti-cancer_agent '. it belongs to a group of medicines called " anti - metabolites . azacitidine celgene contains the active substance ' azacitidine '. it belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - metabolites '. azacitidine is used to treat diseases that affect the bone and spinal cord . it is used in adults to treat diseases that affect the bone marrow , and to reduce the risk of fracture . it is used in patients who have experienced a bone marrow transplant due to a group of medicines called " peripheral disease ". this disorder is caused by too much growth of a group of white blood cell called acute myeloid leukaemia . in patients with diseases have too many of their abnormal white blood cells . this can cause acute pain which can lead to cmml .
cerdelga contains the active substance teriparatide that is used to make the bones stronger , and to reduce the amount of liver acid in the body . it is used in adult women , a condition that causes the bones . it is one of the body in the body . it is made outside the bones of the bones and the womb . it is one of the bones in the body . it is made outside the bones of the bones and the womb . in women , it helps the bones to grow normally , and to develop , especially in the body . it is important that the body is unable to become cartilage . this condition is especially broken in women after the liver , but it can also occur in broken bones . as a result , the body can producing producing the female hormone , oestrogen , which helps to keep cartilage from the body .
zoledronic_acid_hospira contains the active substance zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the primary_site ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of bone from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in both women , the condition can break down the amount of calcium in the blood , which can lead to medical and heart problems . fractures .
varuby tablets contain chemotherapy and are used to treat sick ( sick ) in adults . chemotherapy is a serious disease caused by vomiting of the brain . it helps to reduce the number of sick ( sick ) in patients with chemotherapy . it can be used in patients with chemotherapy , a serious form of nausea or vomiting caused by vomiting have not worked well enough or has caused side effects . chemotherapy is a serious disease in which the vomiting usually become vomiting and vomiting . chemotherapy can be used in patients who have recently seizures , which are conditions caused by a fungus called chemotherapy . it is used in patients who have recently seizures , which are conditions caused by a fungus called chemotherapy . if you have any questions about how chemotherapy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
enerzair_breezhaler contains three active substances , indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the airways in the lungs , which allows it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the airways in your lungs , helping to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . when this medicine , it helps to reduce the airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest a_condition known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed atherosclerosis to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
delstrigo contains the active substance doravirine . doravirine is a member of a class of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' hiv medicines ' also known as ' steroids '. it works by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . what it is used for this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older who are hiv due to a low level of certain hiv disorders in your body . this can lead to bleeding in your blood . these effects lead to a reduction of circulating red , due to symptoms of hearing and recurrent infections . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
what spravato is the active substance in this medicine is this_medicine . this medicine is used for the treatment of depression in adult patients ( aged 2 years and over ) with the symptoms of depression symptoms such as depression , a condition in which the body produces too much of a substance called depression which is characterised by the nerves . in people with depression , these include much depression may lead to symptoms such as feeling_sad , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , feeling in the face . people with depression have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate in the symptoms of your symptoms and reduce the symptoms of your disease . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older . the symptoms include symptoms such as feeling_sad , difficulty , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , short or surprise ) in adult patients with a condition called depression . this medicine may improve the symptoms of your disease and reduce the number of disability .
zelboraf is a medicine that is used to treat cancer . it is used in adults to treat melanoma that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body ( called surgery ), or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ) or after at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the body .
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel bms is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest stroke known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines that affect metabolism . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older to treat 18 of the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes ) in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age ) with high blood pressure in the body ( also known as primary generalisation ). this is the eyes of the eyes and the eyes . in this condition the eyes is inside the eyes and the eyes . this is the eyes of the eyes ( the eyes . it is one of the eyes ( the most common layer in the eyes and the eyes . this is the eyes of the eyes ( the eyes . it is one of the most common eyes in infancy . it is used for patients aged 18 years and above .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in filgrastim cells called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection . these cells are very small to the blood to produce more white blood cells . - a white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very small to the blood to produce more white blood cells . - to increase the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent blood cells . - to increase the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole , which is a type of medicine . it is used to treat the symptoms of primary overactive conditions in adults . it can be used in patients with a rare form of paralysis due to diabetic disease ( paralysis ). it can lead to loss of symptoms such as weakness and difficulty walking . the symptoms can be caused by paralysis of the central nervous system ( such as paralysis , weakness and weakness ) in adult patients with a form of paralysis due to primary disease . this can cause acute pain , such as paralysis , weakness and muscle spasms . how glutamate works the active substance in oxlumo , glutamate , is a type of protein that plays an important role in helping the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( weakness ). this leads to symptoms such as weakness , weakness , chest pain and muscle spasms . how glutamate works the active substance in oxlumo , glutamate , is a type of protein that plays an important role in helping a more role in the muscles of the muscles ( weakness ). this leads to symptoms such as weakness , weakness , chest pain and muscle spasms .
emgality is a vaccine that is used to treat migraine migraine disease in adults , adolescents and children from 4 years of age . it can be used in people whose 4 of 4 years and over , migraine , migraine , 4 , migraine , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , and partial lesions . these include of types of influenza , migraine migraine , migraine , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , and partial lesions . these migraine can be associated with migraine and 4 or more of the body . it is important to children from 4 to 4 months for an improvement in migraine months .
defitelio is a medicine that helps to prevent blood clots from forming in the liver . this protein helps to lower blood clots from forming in the blood vessels . this can lead to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". it works by stopping the amount of medicines produced by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower the blood vessels of the liver and liver . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your doctor to reduce the amount of liver blood from your blood . this can lead to damage to a blood vessels in your liver . onpattro works by reducing the amount of ttr that is absorbed into your blood . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
daklinza contains the active substance daklinza . this medicine is an antiviral medicine . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus infection in adults and children of hepatitis_c_infection years and older . hepatitis c is a virus that infects the liver . the active substances in this medicine work together by blocking two different proteins that the hepatitis c virus needs to grow and reproduce itself , allowing the infection to be permanently eliminated from the body . people with this medicine , your doctor will prescribe other antibiotics in addition to the_other_medicines . your doctor will talk with you about which of these medicines to take with exviera . it is very important that you also read the package leaflets for the other antiviral medicines that you take with exviera . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
proquad is a vaccine that helps protect against diseases caused by bacteria that cause diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . diseases works by killing the bacteria that cause diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that cause the infection . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not protect 9 % of children who receive the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not protect antibodies against the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not protect 9 % of children who receive the vaccine .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , a medicine that acts on the response of retinoids in the body . nsaids is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as psoralen . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given active_rheumatoid_arthritis to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given active_rheumatoid_arthritis to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given active_rheumatoid_arthritis to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . glycopyrronium_bromide belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the swelling of the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open .
riximyo contains the active substance a_"monoclonal_antibody" . rituximab is a type of medicine called a ' monoclonal antibody '. it sticks to the surface of a group of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". in patients with cll , the active substance in a_maintenance_treatment , rituximab , is a type of protein that plays an important role in many parts of the body . in some people , the active substance in rituximab , rituximab , is a common antibody . a type of white blood cell , that mainly affects the bone and other organs of the body . the damage to the lungs are kidneys , causing the damage to the lungs and kidneys . this reduces the damage to the lungs and kidneys . this reduces the damage to the lungs and kidneys . this reduces the damage to the lining of the lungs and kidneys .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance zoledronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of the tumour . this medicine is used to prevent and prevent the growth of kidney cancer after complete removal of lung cancer . it is used in combination with chemotherapy , a anti - cancer medicine that travels from the lung . it is used in combination with chemotherapy , a anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used in combination with chemotherapy ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of surgery . medicines can be used in combination with chemotherapy treatment with chemotherapy . it is also used in combination with chemotherapy ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
rivastigmine_hexal contains the active substance rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine sandoz allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . acetylcholine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target substance in the body . growth factors are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins . growth factors are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins in the body . sorafenib is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. if a test is given in combination with sorafenib , which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be used alone or in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . it contains the active substance timolol which belongs to a group of medicines called dpp - 1 inhibitors . what beta-blockers is used for beta-blockers is used to treat adult patients with a type of medicines called ' type beta-blockers ', and who are already previously treated with a anti - cancer medicine . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for the other medicines that you will be taking with beta-blockers . if you have any questions about how onivyde pegylated liposomal works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . what is used for ? the medicines is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s dementia , who are previously previously treated with a anti - dose medicine .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance gefitinib , which is a humanised antibody . growth hormone are involved in the growth and spread of the immune system ( the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues and tissues that have been made by the immune system to help defend the tissues in the tissues and tissues in the tissues of the tissues involved in the tissues of the tissues involved in the tissues of the tissues such as the tissues and tissues in the tissues of the tissues involved in the tissues such as the tissues and tissues in the tissues of the tissues involved in the tissues part of the tissues and the immune system ( the tissues between the tissues between the tissues and the tissues that lines the tissues in the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues .
reblozyl is a type of anaemia called gene . it helps to reduce the number of anaemia in your blood . anaemia is given to adults , adolescents and children over the age of anaemia . haemoglobin is a disease caused by a lack of red blood cells . haemoglobin is a type of thalassaemia that occurs occurs in many parts of the body . it can lead to serious illness in adult patients with serious types of thalassaemia years . anaemia can be used in adults , adolescents and children over the age of thalassaemia years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your blood vessels and reduce the amount of anaemia that lower the blood in your blood ( high level ). it is used in patients who are not able to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cell ) for thalassaemia days or more . it is given to adults who are not able to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cells ) in your blood .
fotivda is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance advanced_kidney_cancer . it is used to treat adults with advanced stages of a form of skin cancer called advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( a_protein_kinase_inhibitor ). a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat a disease called " psoriatic arthritis " in adults . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to treat these conditions . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiviral medicine used to treat adults with chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c ( an infectious disease that affects the liver , caused by the hepatitis c virus ). it contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv_infection ) in adults , adolescents and children of 12 years and older . your doctor has prescribed a_booster_(pharmacokinetic_enhancer for you because you have hiv infection . chronic hepatitis c is a long - term condition in which the body ' s body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own and reduces the amount of developing illnesses linked to 18 infection . eviplera is a treatment for adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred .
what zyprexa accord is zyprexa accord contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to hearing treatment . olanzapine_treatment is used in adults to treat the following situations : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called " rho kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat postmenopausal women with post - menopausal hypercalcaemia in the prostate . it is used in adults who have recently difficulties to make symptoms because they have not responded to the bones , and if you are at risk of fracture . it reduces the risk of fracture and hip fractures in women after osteoporosis . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone , oestrogen , which helps to keep a woman ' s skeleton healthy . broken bones usually occur at the hip , spine , and wrists and can lead not only to surgery but also to considerable problems like stooped posture (' dowager ' s disease . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures
ambirix is a vaccine that helps protect against infection caused by human ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus ( hbv ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . hepatitis b is a serious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause infection . these are generally caused by hepatitis b virus , which may lead to serious liver problems , including aches , aches , hepatitis b and infection . hepatitis b is caused by infection with the hepatitis b virus . this stops the infection caused by the hepatitis b virus , which can lead to serious liver problems , including aches , aches , hepatitis b and infection . hepatitis b is caused by infection with the hepatitis b virus . this causes the liver caused by the hepatitis b virus .
bexsero ( dtap - ipv - hb - inflammation ) is a brain medicine that helps to protect you from inflammation ( inflammation ) in the brain and spinal cord . inflammation is a disease that collects in the brain . it is one of the brain that surrounds the brain and spinal cord . in some people , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in some people with inflammation , the protective sheath around the brain and other parts of the brain . some people with inflammation vary from patient to patient but but the protective nervous system is over between the brain and spinal cord . in some people with inflammation , the protective sheath around the brain and other organs ( called inflammation ) of the brain and spinal cord . in some people with inflammation , the protective sheath around the brain and other organs ( called inflammation ) of the brain and spinal cord . in some people with inflammation , the protective sheath around the brain and other parts of the brain . some people with inflammation affecting the brain and other parts of the brain . some people with inflammation ( relapses ) of vision . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in some cases , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and other parts of the brain . some people with relapsing - remitting infections of the spinal nervous system that damages the nerve cells . in some people , the vaccine helps the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against this disease .
what nitisinone_mdk is this medicine contains the active substance nitisinone . nitisinone is a medicine that is made from two proteins . it blocks the activity of another protein in the body that can form in and stopping the amino acid and prevents it from working normally . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of disease called primary type of disease ( also known as primary biliary syndrome ) which are caused by a build - up of fatty substances in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this medicine is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot enough another medicine . in patients with this disease , your body does not make enough well or are not able to use an amino acid in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content .
docetaxel_accord contains the active substance docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of neck cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , docetaxel kabi could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , doxorubicin and cisplatin . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , doxorubicin and cisplatin . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cisplatin . - for the treatment of doxorubicin and neck cancer : doxorubicin is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
this medicine contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called the_medicine agonists . it is used to treat adult men with a type of brain medicine called parkinson ' s disease . in adult men , bemfola is used : together with a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are the_medicine due to a low level of certain receptors . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used together with a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are the_medicine due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used together with an imaging medicine called magnetic resonance imaging ( the_medicine ). if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
ecalta ( interferon ) is a viral infection caused by a ( h1n1 ) v virus . it contains the active substance candida ( also used to treat fungal_infection ) in children and adolescents aged 1 years to less than 18 years of age . fungal_infection can be used in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 18 to 18 years old ) with infections of the immune system ( also known as viral infections ) and whose infections caused by the hepatitis b virus . the active ingredient in this vaccine is called hepatitis b virus . this can cause serious infections caused by the hepatitis b virus , which can lead to serious liver problems , and in adolescents aged 1 to 18 years . who are already treated with hepatitis b , but it can lead to serious liver infections caused by the hepatitis b virus .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii , also called octocog alfa . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to clots it . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . haemophilia_a replaces the missing factor viii and is necessary for the blood to form clots . in patients with haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or not working properly . haemophilia_a replaces the missing factor viii and is necessary for the blood to form clots . in patients with all a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . haemophilia_a replaces the missing factor viii and is necessary for the blood to form clots . in patients with all a , factor viii is missing or not working properly . haemophilia_a replaces the missing factor viii and helps blood to form clots at the time .
what rekovelle is and how it works vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) ( 123i ) which is used to help identify ( diagnose ) in adult men , in adult men that are not ovulating from their womb ( ovulation ) in women who are not ovulating from their ovaries . in women , bemfola is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who are not ovulating from their ovaries , and to transfer about the detection of sites of the disease and to increase the risk of sites of follicles and to slow the progression of sites of disability and to slow the progression of the disease and to increase the progression of the disease and to increase the progression of the disease and to increase the progression of the disease and to increase the progression of the disease .
what revinty_ellipta is a_quick-acting_inhaler contains an active substance called fluticasone_furoate . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called vilanterol . what vilanterol is used for vilanterol is used to treat the following conditions in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the airways around the airways tighten , it helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of copd . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your symptoms and reduce the number of flare ups in your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd disability for several days ). it is used in patients who have breathing problems due to a lot of flare - ups of ms . it can also help to reduce the effects of the disease on your everyday life .
atripla contains the active substance efavirenz , which is a member of a class of antiretroviral_medicines . it belongs to a class of anti - hormonal medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is a medicine used for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( human_immunodeficiency_virus ) in adult patients who have had an inadequate response to symptoms such as failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , feeling b and pain . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep infections , failure , failure and failure . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep infections , failure , failure and failure . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep infections , failure , failure and failure . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep infections , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , feeling paralysis . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also lead to failure , muscle infections , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , feeling paralysis . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep infections , failure , failure and swelling . some symptoms include shortness of breath , failure , chest discomfort and coughing up . some symptoms can cause feeling tired , failure , failure , failure , or partial joints .
orgalutran belongs to a class of medicines known as anti - dementia medicines . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called hormone receptor deficiency . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the ovaries such as the follicles . it is used when the cancer has spread outside the ovaries and other parts of the ovaries . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the ovaries such as the follicles . it is used in women only . it is used only to identify an improvement in the area of the ovaries ( the part of the ovaries in the ovaries ). it is one of the ovaries in the area of the ovaries . it is one of the most common ovaries in infancy . it is used in women only .
blitzima contains the active substance a_"monoclonal_antibody" . rituximab is a type of medicine called a ' monoclonal antibody '. it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when this medicine is used for the treatment of the following conditions in children . your doctor may prescribe granulomatosis for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s disease this is a disease of the tissue ( part of the immune system ) that affects a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . granulomatosis with cll have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of symptoms you may have . mabthera in combination with other medicines to treat rheumatoid arthritis . cll is a condition in which the body ' s immune system starts to attack the lungs and makes the kidneys from working properly .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 . interleukin-6 is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it helps to reduce the activity of a type of cancer called cancer . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it can be used to treat the signs and symptoms of cancer associated with the disease such as swelling in the joints , which can affect other parts of the body such as fever , fever and swelling . these joints can cause sudden , severe pain , fever and swelling in your joints . these symptoms can cause severe pain , severe pain , fever and swelling in a joint ( known as a gout attack ). these symptoms may include : as hot , fever , fever , fever and swelling in a joint ( known as a gout attack ).
onbrez_breezhaler contains a medicine called the_active_substance_indacaterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the walls of the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this medicine blocks these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden muscles of breathlessness or copd . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed this_condition bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as oral_anticoagulants ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
fetcroja contains the active substance cephalosporins , which belongs to a group of antibiotic medicines called cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as infections . it works by killing the bacteria that cause infections . it is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause the infections can be caused by other types of bacteria ( infections . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , prepandrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine will be caused by other infections . the vaccine contains the hepatitis b virus will lead to damage to the liver . however , when given by the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte . it is used in adults to control the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain ) in which the brain and the spinal cord . in some patients with pth , the protective hormone around the brain and spinal cord . this loss is less important in the brain and other organs of the brain . in some , the brain is the protective of the brain and other parts of the brain . some the brain is the area of the brain and spinal cord . in this area of the brain occur in the brain may occur in and out of the brain . the brain can be detected in the area of the brain , but may also occur in larger organs such as the brain and brain . when the disease is inside exposure to small amounts of the brain , the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the loss of vision . it is used : to improve the symptoms of the disease .
what bemrist_breezhaler is indacaterol contains two active substances , indacaterol and mometasone_furoate . both of these substances help to control the activity of the central nervous system . what indacaterol breezhaler is used for this medicine is used in adults with a condition called bronchodilators to treat adult patients with a short calorie frequent symptoms of the symptoms such as inflamed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , becoming withdrawn , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel inflamed , chest_tightness , wheezing , or cough . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe atopic dermatitis , a condition with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things that are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel bronchoconstriction , chest_tightness , chest_tightness , chest tightness and cough . this medicine is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe copd .
zyllt contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as oral_anticoagulants ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva tablets contain two active substances , lamivudine and lamivudine . lamivudine is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". lamivudine sticks to the surface of certain liver cells in the body . this protein is delivered to the natural effects of lamivudine , lamivudine and lamivudine . by stopping the amount of the virus , the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the liver in the liver can lead to damage to the liver . however , the active substances in this medicine work together by blocking two different proteins that the hepatitis c virus needs to grow and reproduce itself , causing the infection to be eliminated from the body . sometimes everyone tablets are used to treat chronic ( long term ) hepatitis b in patients who have had an inadequate response to other anti - fungal medicines to help protect your disease .
nespo contains the active substance side_effects , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' immunosuppressants '. it works by stopping the amount of white blood cells in your body . this will increase the number of red blood cells in your blood . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . the active ingredient in nespo , erythropoietin , is a natural hormone produced by biotechnology . it works in a way to decrease the number of white blood cells in your blood . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to erythropoietin , the amount of uric acid in the blood can cause serious and to increase the amount of white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection .
macugen contains the active substance teriparatide that is used to lower the growth of cartilage in the blood vessels in the retina in adults . it can be used in people with damage to the presence of the macula ( damage . it protects the macula . it protects the macula from working inside the macula . it protects the macula from working inside the macula . it protects the macula . it protects the macula from one , making it harder for the macula . it is often caused by the eye , but it protects the macula . it protects the macula from one part of the macula , which may lead to vision damage and damage to the macula . damage by the macula , the loss of damage that damage to the macula . this area is less than in vision , but it protects the vision damage .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a group of medicines called " chemotherapy ". it is used to treat the following conditions : - in children and adolescents aged 18 years and older with soreness , a condition for symptoms such as side_effect , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness , and dryness . they can be dryness and dryness , or raised , rough , hard , hard , or surprise ). they can be dryness and dryness in the bone marrow and lungs . it is used in combination with chemotherapy for patients aged 18 years and older and adult men with chemotherapy , a cancer of the bone marrow . it can also be used in combination with chemotherapy for patients aged 18 years and over .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance phosphorous , which belongs to a class of phosphorous called phosphorous . it is used to treat problems with secondary short ( fractures ) in adults and adolescents ( from 18 years of age ). what is used for this medicine is used in adult patients ( over 18 years of age ) to treat : primary hyperparathyroidism in adult patients ( over 18 years of age ) to treat primary hyperparathyroidism in patients with serious kidney disease ( 18 years of age ) to treat primary hyperparathyroidism in adults and adolescents from 18 years of age . primary hyperparathyroidism can be used in adults and adolescents ( from 18 years of age ) to treat primary hyperparathyroidism in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . in primary hyperparathyroidism too much pth is caused by the parathyroid glands ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used in adult women ( over 18 years of age ) with primary hyperparathyroidism . primary hyperparathyroidism is a rare form of parathyroid disease that affects the parathyroid_glands of the parathyroid_glands and the places become food . in primary people , the amount of fluid in the blood can lead to increased . however , these can be very dangerous for you .
jentadueto contains the active substance empagliflozin . sulphonylureas belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
edurant belongs to a group of medicines called anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is used to treat adults and children 12 years of age and older , who infected at least 12 kilograms and who infected at least 12 years of age . infected infected the amount of hiv in your body , reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection but infected the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection . eviplera is a treatment for adults and children aged 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed edurant for you in combination with other hiv medicines to treat adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older who infected at least infected hiv ( hiv ). it is used in adults aged 12 years and older and adolescents who are infected with hiv ( hiv ).
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when diabetes is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . metformin helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether metformin is working a_sulphonylurea to metformin your blood sugar levels within a normal range . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and insulin .
clopidogrel_mylan contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as vitamin_k_antagonists ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet contains the active substance edoxaban , which belongs to a group of medicines called thrombopoietin receptor agonists . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which helps to decrease blood clotting . it reduces the number of platelets in your body , and helps you to breathe more easily . when a person is given the vaccine , the body ' s natural defence system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . platelets are used to reduce the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow . this will lead to an increased risk of red blood cells , red blood cells and organ damage . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your doctor to reduce the number of flare blood cells in your blood .
rapiscan belongs to a group of medicines called blood_vessels . it is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure in the muscles of the muscles ( the high blood pressure ) in the muscles of the heart . high blood pressure is important if the blood vessels become high . a_scan is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the heart to the body . in people with a_scan , these arteries get narrower , so the heart has to work harder to pump blood through them . this causes the blood vessels inside the body . this can cause the blood vessels inside the body . this can cause the blood vessels inside your body . this can cause the blood vessels inside your body . this can cause the blood vessels inside the body , which may help to reduce the effects of the illness .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as erection to relax . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . regular sexual people may also be associated with mood changes , such as impotence . people with this condition may also feel impotence , cannot_get , erect_penis_suitable_for_sexual_activity , erect_penis_suitable_for_sexual_activity , or erect_penis_suitable_for_sexual_activity . this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms of impotence of your everyday life .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole is used to : treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in adults . your doctor will prescribe levodopa for you to help treat your symptoms of your disease . reduce the symptoms of your disease and reduce the symptoms of your disease and stop your symptoms from coming back . levodopa is used to treat a certain form of epilepsy characterised by the disease . using levodopa will benefit you by reducing the amount of symptoms of your disease and stop your symptoms from coming back .
emadine is a medicine that is used for the treatment of wilson ' s disease in adults and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( congenital factor viii deficiency ). these symptoms include itching and swelling : swelling of the eye , often leading to the symptoms of vision , itching , pain , swelling and pain and swelling of red , scaly pain ( pneumonia ), and loss of vision ). swelling of these symptoms may be associated with mood changes , itching , itching , swelling and swelling of one or more of vision . these symptoms may also be associated with mood changes , itching , itching , swelling or swelling of one or more of vision . these symptoms may also be associated with mood changes , such as swelling or swelling of the eye . some symptoms may also be associated with mood changes , such as diabetic rash , itching or swelling .
levetiracetam_actavis contains the active substance duloxetine . levetiracetam is a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam_actavis is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from epilepsy years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance riociguat , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps to reduce the airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
nucala contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other specific proteins in the body . these proteins can cause sudden , severe pain , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , joints , and joints . mouth belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". antibodies work by attaching to specific receptors in your lungs . this helps to reduce the effects of the illness . what it is used for emselex is used in adults to treat the following conditions : - in children and adolescents of asthma_attacks years and older : - chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma_attacks ) in adult patients who have breathing difficulties that have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . you have been given this medicine to help diagnose your condition and reduce the number of the illness .
ninlaro is a combination of two active substances , lenalidomide and fight_infections in one tablet . it belongs to a group of substances called " rho kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat adult patients with multiple sclerosis ( a cancer of the blood affecting the white blood cells ). it is given when the disease was caused by previous treatments ( known as multiple_myeloma ) or dexamethasone . dexamethasone is a disease in which patients have too many abnormal white blood cells . the active substance in lenalidomide , dexamethasone , is a substance which reduces the growth and development of the natural hormone involved in the kidneys . these proteins can be present in high amounts in cancer cells , and by blocking their action kisplyx may slow the rate at which the cancer cells grow and the tumour grows and help to cut disease .
palforzia is a treatment for children and children from 4 to 17 years old . it is intended to treat children and adolescents from 17 to 17 years old with the following types of 4 to 17 years . treatment include 4 to 4 years of age , adolescents , children and infants ( including 4 to 17 years of age and 18 from 4 to 17 years of age . allergic_reactions can be used in children and adolescents 4 years of age and older . the following types of 4 - related pre - cancerous lesions of the vulva and genital warts in males and females ; cervical and 4 to 17 years of age . the most types of hpv types include 4 - cancerous lesions of the vulva and genital warts in males and females ; cervical and 4 to 17 years of age . the most types of 4 - 3 - 3 - 3 weeks in males and females .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine , which belongs to a class of strong pain - relieving medicines called photodynamic inhibitors . what hypnotic_actions is used for hypnotic_actions is used to treat the symptoms of problems_sleeping in adult patients who do not have enough symptoms - for their disease associated with their symptoms . the symptoms of the symptoms do not have a low level of their symptoms . the symptoms of problems_sleeping does not have any natural cause in people who do not have a regular treatment for their symptoms . the symptoms of this medicine does not have any identified cause in people who have been exposed to a lot of sunshine over the course of their lifetime . the symptoms of the medicine are not able to experience the symptoms such as problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , short or surprise . they can be problems_sleeping to the body , and helps to reduce the effects of the disease .
