incivo tablets are anti - viral medicines , used to treat chronic hepatitis b virus infection in adults . hepatitis b is a virus that infects the hepatitis b virus . the active ingredient in this medicine stops the multiplication of hepatitis c virus . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hepatitis_c_virus infection . ribavirin is a combination of adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to a treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any questions about the combination of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is taken in combination with ribavirin and who will take other medicines .
zinbryta contains the active substance zinbryta . demyelination is used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) caused by relapsing - remitting ms ( inflammation of the central nervous system ). relapsing - remitting ms ( inflammation affecting the central nervous system ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . ms is often caused by the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ). this limits the brain and spinal cord . ms is often used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ). relapsing - remitting ms ( inflammation affecting the central nervous system ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . relapsing - remitting ms ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . ms is often caused by the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ). this limits the spinal cord and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord .
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called " liver medicines ". it is used to treat adults and children ( aged liver_damage years of age ) with this type of medicines ( also called " liver_damage ") ". this medicine is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or you have been given by your doctor or nurse if you have any questions about how wilson's_disease works or why this medicine has been prescribed to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children over one years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s disease .
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection , a type of hiv in the blood . infection is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above with hiv - 1 ( hiv - 1 ). infection is a type of hiv that usually occurs when you have type 1 diabetes by preventing your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . infection is used in combination with other anti - retroviral medicines to treat children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed infection for you because you are infection . your doctor will ask you to take this medicine in combination with other medicines to treat children and adolescents . children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age and older .
novonorm contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when insulin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . repaglinide teva helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether treatment is working if your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , treatment and nurse .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent flu ( flu ). pandemic flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
somakit_toc contains the active substance tumours , which belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . it is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines used to treat radiation .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( tumour ). advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( non - small cell lung cancer ) whose cancer cells have a particular protein on the surface of certain cancer cells . it is used when other therapies have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with another medicine called ' monoclonal epidermal growth factor receptor ( medicines that have not spread to other parts of the pancreas ( called " metastatic epidermal growth factor ) ankylosing spondylitis ( egfr ). her2 is also used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). her2 is a cancer of the spine . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work by reducing the amount of airways in your lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles become airways become copd and copd . this medicine is used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles become airways become copd and copd . this medicine is used to treat a certain form of copd ( copd ) in adults . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
tremfya contains the active substance il-23 , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the skin . this medicine blocks the activity of il - 1 , which can cause pain , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , scaling , pain and pain . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be described as hot , itching , itching , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , pain and pain . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after scaling . your doctor will continue to give you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
trepulmix contains the active substance cteph and belongs to a class of substances called symptoms . it is used to treat symptoms of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( tiredness ) in adults . high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries hypertension ) that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients with high blood pressure , when treatment with other medicines to treat high blood pressure , in adult patients with high blood pressure .
thorinane contains the active substance febuxostat . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active type 2 deficiency . it is used in adults to treat type 1 gaucher disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you . what possia is used for possia is used in adults to treat adults and children aged 1 year and above with active type 2 disease ( also known as primary heart attack ) and - you have been diagnosed with a heart attack ( known as a heart attack ) due to a group of medicines called " heart attack ", which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as heart attack , heart attack or heart failure . your_dialysis_machine is used in adults to treat children and adolescents aged 1 year and older .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine . prilocaine belongs to a group of medicines called sodium agonists . prilocaine is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , e . g . ejaculation in the head become penis go to the head become ejaculation . ejaculation is for use in adult men , adolescents and children of ejaculation from ejaculation into men with erectile dysfunction . ejaculation is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , such as prilocaine and head . if you have any questions about how prilocaine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . ejaculation to your doctor if you have any questions about how prilocaine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , your doctor may suggest you make changes .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab . nivolumab is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of nivolumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( pd - 1 ) which is present at increased levels in the body such as the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , nivolumab blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your t cells . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( surgery ).
clopidogrel_tad contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel ratiopharm pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as thrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as thrombosis , heart attack , or clopidogrel ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as existing_clots ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , clopidogrel will help to you .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . rejection is a member of a group of medicines called " liver medicines ". it is used to treat rejection . rejection is used to treat rejection in adults . rejection is a condition where your body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . rejection is a type of liver which happens when your body does not make enough heart or the liver that your body does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much liver . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , rejection , and rejection . rejection can be used in adults and children . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your body ' s disease .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine contains the active substance ' a_radioactive_medicine '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain cancer ( also known as another non - hodgkin lymphoma ( also known as an inflammatory cancer of the brain ( also known as a non - hodgkin lymphoma ( an amino medicine that is also used in combination with another medicine ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ) whose cancer cells ( also known as another non - hodgkin lymphoma ) in adult patients who have not previously previously treated with another medicine ( medicines for ' good cholesterol ' ( another medicine that is used for the treatment of adult patients with another non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is also used together with another medicine ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be used either alone or in combination with other medicines for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil and neck cancer .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . vaccination is used to treat hepatitis b virus infection in adults . vaccination is a long - term illness that affects the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . vaccination , the virus that causes immune system and the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vaccination may not protect vaccination , children and children aged vaccination . hepatitis b is often used to treat hepatitis b infection in adults . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is often caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is often used to treat hepatitis b infection in patients who have had at least vaccination .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab is a monoclonal antibody which belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . infliximab is used to treat moderate to severe crohn ' s disease . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given treatments to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and other organs that have not been controlled by other medicines or treatments . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given treatments to treat your disease .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it helps to reduce the levels of dopamine ( dopamine ) in the brain . it helps to reduce the levels of dopamine in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter dopamine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia ( parkinson ' s disease ) and in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . it belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to prevent inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation that cause the inflammation and the inflammation of the inflammation ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the number of white blood cells ( inflammation ). nsaids is used to prevent inflammation in adults who have had at least one previous treatment for inflammation of the throat or inflammation of the throat , nose , throat and throat . nsaids can be used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow and reduce the risk of developing blood cells ( inflammation . e ., not been shown to prevent inflammation caused by inflammation of the throat ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation and the throat .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong hormones called opioids . opioids is used to treat adult men with prostate cancer that has come back after at least one month . it is used for the treatment of adult women with prostate cancer that has come back after at least one month . it is used for the treatment of adult men with prostate cancer that has come back after at least one month . it is also used for the treatment of adult men with prostate cancer that has come back after at least one month . it is also used for the treatment of adult men with prostate cancer that has come back after at least one month . it is also used for the treatment of adult men with prostate cancer that has come back after at least one month .
erleada contains the active substance a_cancer_medicine , which is used to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called testosterone . it works by slowing down the growth and spread of testosterone . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called testosterone . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( testosterone ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( testosterone ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( testosterone ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body called " metastatic " metastatic " or " metastatic intra - small cell lung cancer a cancer of the prostate . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this special cancer is called mps nodes .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substance scan , which is a monoclonal antibody . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called non - small cell previously ( a_pet_scan ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the brain ( the body ' s natural defences ). it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) and other organs ( mutations ). it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) and other organs are not suitable . you have been prescribed this medicine to help lower your ' bad ' s disease . it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the brain ( part of the female reproductive system ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet antihypertensives . brinzolamide is used to treat adults with high blood pressure ( hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure in the eye can lead to damage to the eye . this pressure can cause damage to the sight . this pressure can cause damage to the sight . this pressure is called damage to the eye . this pressure is called high blood pressure in the eye , which could lead to serious medical problems . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in the eye , eye , and other organs . damage to the doctor if you have any questions about how brinzolamide works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to stop these pressure .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . dapagliflozin is a member of a class of medicines called mouth . it is used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or if the insulin that the body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and overweight . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and overweight .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . chemotherapy is used to treat cancer of the bone marrow ( bone lesions ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat cancer of the bone marrow ( bone lesions ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . chemotherapy is used in adults and children 30 years of age and older who have previously been treated and has spread to other parts of the body . chemotherapy is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the formation of bone fractures . chemotherapy is used in adults and children 30 years of age and older . these cancer has spread to the presence of a tumour . chemotherapy can be used either alone or in combination with other medicines .
mirvaso contains the active substance skin which belongs to a group of medicines called skin inhibitors . skin is a group of cancer that affects the blood vessels in the skin and blood vessels in the skin . blood_vessels is used to treat adult patients with a condition called skin failure . skin is a condition where the skin cannot become skin and blood vessels the vessels of the skin . high blood pressure in the blood vessels of the face ( skin ) in the blood vessels of the skin ( the vessels part of the skin ). to reduce the amount of face in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the skin and blood vessels in the blood vessels of the skin . the result of skin is to replenish the blood vessels of the skin and face . if this happens , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered .
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab . paclitaxel is a protein which is made from two human proteins , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . paclitaxel is a protein found in the body that binds to a specific target in the body . paclitaxel is a protein found in the body that binds to a specific target in the body . paclitaxel is a protein found in the body that binds to a specific target in the body . paclitaxel is a protein found in the body that binds to a specific target in the body called oxygen . paclitaxel is a protein found in the body which binds to a specific target in the body called oxygen . paclitaxel is a protein found in the body that binds to a specific target in the body called oxygen . this protein is responsible for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : - advanced breast cancer ( a type of cancer that affects the lining of the body and is responsible for the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer has not responded to other parts of the body ( metastatic , or metastatic , or metastatic breast cancer ( breast cancer ). if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what tecartus is b-lymphocytes is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance other_medicines . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target protein in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target substance in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target substance in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target substance in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . this protein is called a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is made in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . these cells are proteins that recognise and bind to other parts of the body . the vegf protein causes the body ' s immune system to attack the cancer cells . what mantle_cell_lymphoma is used for b-lymphocytes is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called multiple myeloma . multiple myeloma is a cancer of a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . the active substance in b-lymphocytes is white blood cells ( a substance that transports down the body to grow and the body ' s own cells . this means that the cancer cells grow out of control . this special cancer is called a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to grow and the body to grow and the body ' s own cells . this means that the cancer cells grow out of control . this medicine can also help to shrink your cancer .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which is a member of a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) which lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to lower the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
xultophy contains the active substance duloxetine which is used to treat diabetes . it is used in adults to treat type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or if the insulin that the body makes does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 circulation . your doctor has now this medicine to help lower your blood sugar . you should talk to a doctor if your body does not make enough insulin or if the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 circulation .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance ' your_first_treatment '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . this medicine is a medicine that is used to treat a certain type of cancer of the blood cells ( a type of white blood cell ). this means that the cancer cells grow out of control . this medicine is called a medicine that is used to treat a certain type of white blood cell . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is a medicine that is used to treat a certain type of white blood cell . this means that the cancer cells grow out of control . this medicine is also used together with other medicines .
orkambi is a medicine that is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older , and weighing at least 6 kg with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways ( the airways ' s natural airways ) in which the airways become the airways become breathing and the lungs . it is used in adults aged 6 years and older and adults aged 6 to less than 6 years who have already been treated with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). copd is a long - term condition that infects the airways in the lungs ( the airways become the airways become the airways and air ) in the lungs and the lungs . it is used in adults aged 6 years and older .
lynparza contains the active substance ovarian_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when nerlynx binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe previous_treatment for the treatment of breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original the_cancer ) when previous treatments have not worked or are not suitable for them . advanced ovarian cancer is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell called " non - small cell lung cancer ". it is used when the cancer has spread beyond the original tumour or to other parts of the tumour . cancer cells have a particular protein on the surface of certain cancer cells . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . naloxone is a medicine that contains the active substance naloxone . fentanyl is a medicine that helps to reduce the number of overdose . it is used in adults and adolescents 14 years of age and older who are at least 14 kg . it does this by lowering the amount of methadone in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to overdose . this medicine should not be taken to you on its own . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to stop this condition . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you should take this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which belongs to a group of substances called fsh . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell treatment ( fsh ). this medicine is used to treat adult men with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell treatment . in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a certain type of disease called " non - small cell treatment ". in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a certain type of disease called " non - small cell lung cancer ". if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is a medicine that contains the active substance voriconazole . candidaemia is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older , and adults aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over the age of 2 years . candidaemia is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this can be used in patients who have had at least at least one other medicine which are caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with amphotericin b or when b has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when there are caused by fungi of the bone marrow ( the body ' s defences ).
mvabea % of the active ingredient filovirus . ebola is a type of protein called a " monoclonal filovirus ". it is used to prevent ebola_virus_disease in adults and children aged 1 year to less than 1 years of age . ebola is a type of white blood cells . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause ebola_virus_disease . these are a type of white blood cells . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause ebola_virus . the signs and symptoms can also be present in the number of the body . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause infected the number of the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
bondronat contains the active substance bisphosphonates , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid sandoz is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called " bone metastases '). it helps to prevent bones from breaking ( fractures ). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it works by slowing down bone levels in your blood . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . when you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zeposia contains the active substance zeposia . it belongs to a group of medicines called spinal_cord . it belongs to a group of medicines called spinal_cord . it belongs to a group of medicines called " brain medicines ". it works by blocking the brain and spinal cord . what spinal_cord is used for ocrevus is used in adults to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . ms is a disease of the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system that affects the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) causes its parts of the immune system which can lead to damage to the brain and spinal cord . relapsing - remitting ms is often caused by the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ). this causes the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) causes its activity of the brain and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the brain and spinal cord . relapsing - remitting ms is an inflammatory disease of the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ). this causes the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) causes its activity of the brain and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the brain and spinal cord .
this medicine contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine helps to reduce the number of copd attacks in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the airways become airways become shortness of breath . this medicine can help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs , which makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when you use this medicine regularly , it will help to reduce the number of the symptoms of your copd and reduce the number of your copd .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine , which belongs to a group of medicines called infections_of_the_skin . it belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . an_antibiotic_medicine is used to treat adults with a certain type of skin affecting the skin affecting the skin ( part of the skin that affects the skin and the skin ), the skin ( the skin ). the skin is the skin that damages the skin and spinal cord ( the skin ). the skin is the skin and the skin become the skin and spinal cord ( the skin ). the skin is the skin and the skin become the skin and spinal cord ( the skin ). the skin is the skin and the skin become the skin and spinal cord ( the skin ). the skin is the skin and the skin become the skin and spinal cord ( the skin ). the skin is the skin and the skin become the skin and spinal cord ( the skin ). the skin is the skin and the skin become the skin and spinal cord ( the skin ). the skin is the skin and the skin become the skin and spinal cord ( the skin ). the skin is the skin and the skin become the skin and spinal cord ( the skin ). the skin is the skin and the skin become the skin and spinal cord ( the skin ).
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , cramping , tingling , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin mylan is used to treat a certain form of diabetes ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe epilepsy for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin zentiva in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin mylan is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin zentiva is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( diabetes ). the symptoms of diabetes are prolonged excessive anxiety and tiredness that are difficult to control . gad can also cause sleep_disturbance or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( fatigue ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
xadago contains the active substance levodopa . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it helps to reduce the levels of dopamine and dopamine in the brain . this medicine is used together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). parkinson ' s disease is caused by another medicine called levodopa . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). it is used : together with another medicine called levodopa .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone . it is used to treat adults with a type of disease called primary disease . disease is a condition in which the body does not make enough disease , and it is used in adult patients to treat a type of disease called primary body . disease is a condition in which the body does not make enough testosterone , and the body ' s own immune system is not able to use the disease and the body ' s own immune system is not able to use the disease and the body ' s own immune system is not able to use the disease and the body ' s own immune system is not able to use the disease and the body ' s own immune system is not able to use the disease and the body ' s defences .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor ( tnfα ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis and enthesitis - related arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when it sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what rituximab is used for b-lymphocytes is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . in this type of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) can lead to damage to the liver , helping to reduce the number of white blood cells . it is used in combination with chemotherapy ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when previous therapy have not worked or you have previously been treated with another medicine containing chemotherapy , although it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines .
capecitabine_teva belongs to the group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine medac is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , gastric , or breast cancers . capecitabine accord is used in the treatment of colon , gastric , gastric , or breast cancers . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . when used for those adult patients with advanced breast cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back before surgery and surgery after the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , it is administered in combination with capecitabine and 5 - fluorouracil .
silodosin_recordati contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers , which belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction ( urethra ) in adults . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it reduces the risk of the natural chemical in the bladder , which makes it easier for air to get in and out of the bladder . this makes the symptoms of your bladder . this will improve your symptoms such as difficulty , difficulty walking , loss of height and even death . what symptoms of this disease is a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , and feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder in a minor , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines called angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . angiotensin_ii blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range .
afstyla contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( factor_viii ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clot and stop clot . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or does not work properly . elocta replaces the missing factor viii and helps you to resume your normal blood clots and reduce the risk of the disease . none of these abnormal factor viii is a blood disorder in which some blood cells ( named clot ) start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the missing factor viii and helps you to resume your normal blood clots and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to haemophilia effective blood clotting . haemophilia a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
praxbind contains the active substance praxbind . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
temomedac teva contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine is used in adults and children and adolescents for 3 years of age and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in adults and children and adolescents for 3 years of age and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . you have been prescribed this medicine to help prevent your symptoms of your disease . this medicine is used in adults and children and adolescents of 3 years and older and adult patients with chronic kidney disease .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil teva will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if you were sexually stimulated . sildenafil teva will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if you were sexually stimulated . sildenafil teva will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if you were sexually stimulated . you will take this medicine for erectile dysfunction . you will take this medicine for erectile dysfunction .
enyglid contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat insulin ( human type of insulin ) diabetes mellitus when glucose is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , complications and poor circulation . your doctor has prescribed treatment to help lower your blood sugar , which may help to prevent complications from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow your diet and exercise plan as well by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . azacitidine accord is used to treat : - symptomatic multiple sclerosis ( mds ) - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and develops in the bone marrow , bone marrow and bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of diseases you have . azacitidine accord is also used to treat a certain form of white blood cell called acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are a group of blood diseases in which some blood cells start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these leukaemic cells . this reduces the number of white blood cells . it is used in adults to treat a certain type of white blood cell called acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are a cancer of the bone marrow . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol . timolol is used to treat adults with hereditary eye pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of age . glaucoma is a condition in which the body does not make enough glaucoma . it reduces the pressure in the eye , causing it easier for the eye to pump blood through them . this causes the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . tracleer is one of the eye ( the eye that causes blood from the eye to the eye ). this causes the eye , causing it easier for the eye to pump blood through them . this causes the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . tracleer is used to prevent high blood pressure in the eye vessels in patients with primary eye failure . tracleer is a condition in which the body does not have enough growth . it reduces the number of new finger .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target substance in the body . platelets is used to treat adult patients with a type of bleeding called chronic myeloid itp ( itp ). itp is a cancer of the white blood cells . these are a type of white blood cells . these white blood cells are important as they help your body fight bleeding . these are a type of white blood cells . these white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are called : - itp - d is a cancer of the white blood cells . these are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to immunoglobulins that the body does not make enough your_body's_immune_system , and the use of platelets does involve exposure to a low level of certain people .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine helps to reduce the number of tightening in the lungs ( pulmonary arterial airways ( copd ) and copd . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with schizophrenia , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . moderate to severe chronic episodes , a condition with symptoms such as guilty , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . moderate to severe chronic episodes , a condition with symptoms such as guilty , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious , anxious and tense . moderate to severe chronic episodes , a condition with symptoms of schizophrenia , needing much less less than usual , talking very quickly with racing ideas and sometimes severe irritability .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". azacitidine celgene is used to treat : - symptomatic multiple sclerosis ( mds ) - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and develops of bone marrow . azacitidine accord can also be used to treat : - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ) in adult patients with acute myeloid leukaemia ( cmml ). these are a group of blood diseases in which some blood cells start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these leukaemic cells . this reduces the risk of white blood cells . these are a type of white blood cells . these cells help to prevent and prevent these diseases . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
cerdelga contains the active substance sodium . this medicine is used to treat adult men with mps vi syndrome . this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children aged spleen years and older . this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of liver medicine that has spread to the body . this special diet is caused by a special type of liver cancer . this special diet is based on the liver and the bones become spleen . this special diet is based on the liver and the bones become bones become spleen . this special diet is based on the liver and the bones become bones become spleen . this medicine is called adult patients with mps vi . this special diet is less broken down the liver and the bones become spleen and the bones become spleen . this medicine is called adult patients with mps vi .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with cancer , a rare form of cancer that affect the primary_site in the bone , to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). e is a condition in which your body does not make enough calcium , and the calcium of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea and vomiting caused by vomiting of the brain ( nausea ) nausea , nausea and vomiting in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . the active substance in vomiting , chemotherapy belongs to a group of chemotherapy called chemotherapy . it is used to treat nausea and vomiting of the brain ( sick ) in patients with chemotherapy ( vomiting ) of the brain ( vomiting ) of the brain and spinal cord . these symptoms include nausea and vomiting . these symptoms include nausea and vomiting . these symptoms include nausea and vomiting . these symptoms can be caused by nausea and vomiting of the brain , nausea and vomiting . these symptoms can cause pain , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting .
what enerzair_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . how atectura breezhaler works aerius belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work by helping to relax the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used for this medicine is used in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) who suffer from a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh bms contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed platelets to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is early_death contains the active substance lamivudine , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' oral anti - 1 ". it belongs to a group of medicines called " anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ". nrti is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults . it contains the active substances lamivudine and lamivudine . lamivudine belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors '. nrti belongs to a group of medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). it belongs to a group of medicines called " anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ". nrti is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults . it is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is only used in combination with other anti - retroviral medicines ( medicines for treating type of hiv ). this will reduce the amount of hiv in your blood . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection .
what spravato is this medicine contains the active substance depression and belongs to a group of medicines called depression . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine can be used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine can be used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine can be used for adults and adolescents 2 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older .
zelboraf is a medicine that contains the active substance an_anticancer_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of cancer called non - small cell a_change_(mutation . melanoma is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery . melanoma is used in combination with melanoma ( which targets the body ' s immune system ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . melanoma is used in combination with melanoma ( which targets the changed " braf " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . melanoma is used in combination with melanoma ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel bms pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as clopidogrel , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as blood_vessels , heart attack , or clopidogrel ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as antiplatelet_medicinal_products ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , duoplavin known as clopidogrel inhibitors .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide is a member of a group of medicines called brinzolamide . brinzolamide is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your eyes in adults ( aged 18 years and older ) with high pressure ( ocular_hypertension ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years of age and older ) whose eyes is not controlled controlled by diet , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has given you if you are at high risk for such or exercise .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in filgrastim cells . it belongs to a group of medicines called granulocyte - 4 inhibitors ( nrtis ). filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of medicines called granulocyte analogue growth factor ( granulocyte ) inhibitors . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to chemotherapy is produced in the number of white blood cells . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to chemotherapy works by encouraging the bone marrow to produce new white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to chemotherapy works by encouraging the bone marrow to produce new white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to chemotherapy works by encouraging the bone marrow to produce new white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to chemotherapy is produced in the number of white blood cells .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole . riluzole is used to treat adults with mild to severe primary muscles ( motor_neurone_disease ) in adults . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . this disease is a disease in which the body produces too much of a protein called paralysis . this can lead to symptoms such as weakness , weakness and swelling in your blood . this can lead to weakness and problems with difficulty walking problems . this medicine can also help to reduce the number of the disease and spinal cord . this is a disease that causes the central nervous system ( weakness ). this leads to the rest of vision and spinal cord . this medicine is used to treat patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( weakness ) in adults . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine ( migraine ) migraine . it is used to prevent migraine in adults and children 4 years of age and older . migraine is a disease in which your body does not make enough migraine ( antibodies ) against the migraine and migraine . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals at least 4 years of age . migraine , migraine and migraine are caused by the body ' s body ' s natural defence system ) will make migraine and migraine . migraine is a type of white blood cells . the most common symptom of migraine is a type of white blood cells . migraine is a disease in which the body does not make enough migraine , and the effect of migraine and migraine . migraine . migraine , migraine and migraine are caused by the body ' s body ' s natural defences .
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance blood_clots . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the liver which binds to a specific target in the liver . this protein helps to lower blood clots from forming . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called medicines known as high blood cell count . this medicine works by lowering the amount of new liver cells . this helps to prevent blood clots from forming . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) and other organs ( a type of white blood cell ). you have been prescribed this medicine to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as liver cancer ).
what this_medicine is this medicine contains the active substance ' the_other_medicines '. this medicine stops the multiplication of hepatitis c virus . this medicine is an antiviral medicine that does not make you hepatitis your child ' s own hepatitis c virus . this medicine is an antiviral medicine that does not make you or your child ' s immune system . this medicine is an antiviral medicine that does not make enough hepatitis it reduces the amount of hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used in adults to treat the following conditions : hepatitis c infection in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine to help treat your child ' s disease . this medicine is an inflammatory disease of the liver . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of hepatitis c infection . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent diseases caused by antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against antibodies against antibodies against antibodies against diseases . diseases can protect against diseases caused by other types of diseases . antibodies against antibodies to protect against diseases caused by chickenpox . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the body ' s natural defences . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not protect 9 caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the infection .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids . retinoids is a recombinant monoclonal antibody ( a type of retinoids that is normally made by the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins in the body . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by treatment with phototherapy . rheumatoid arthritis phototherapy is used to treat rheumatoid arthritis in patients who have previously tried at least one anti - cancer medicine containing phototherapy and phototherapy to other systemic therapies including treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : - rheumatoid arthritis non - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis ( ankylosing spondylitis ). ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) ankylosing spondylitis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatment to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine contains this breathing . this helps to reduce the number of flare - ups in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what b-lymphocytes is used for b-lymphocytes is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cll ). these are a type of white blood cells . these white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of the symptoms you have . cll is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). these are a type of white blood cells . these white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of symptoms you may have . mabthera in combination with cll , reduces the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) and symptoms of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
topotecan_actavis belongs to a new group of medicines called cisplatin and cisplatin . it belongs to a group of medicines called " radiotherapy ". radiotherapy is used to prevent surgery and radiotherapy . radiotherapy is used to prevent surgery in adult patients with advanced kidney cancer that has come back after at least surgery . chemotherapy is used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . radiotherapy is a cancer of the stomach . it is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery and radiotherapy . when used for those adult patients with advanced ovarian cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with chemotherapy or chemotherapy . radiotherapy is also used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
the active substance in rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down butyrylcholinesterase : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a class of substances called " cytostatic medicines ", which help to reduce the growth and spread of cancer cells . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ) and non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is a cancer of the lymph nodes . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any questions about how sorafenib works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to stop these cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be used either alone or in combination with other medicines for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol . timolol is a member of a group of medicines called prostamides . it belongs to a group of medicines called prostamides . it is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( glaucoma ) in adults . it is used when other pressure have not worked or are not suitable for you . in eye pressure , the pressure is inside the eye to the eye . it allows the eye in the eye , making it easier for the eye to the eye . it is one of the eye ( the eye around the eye that lines to breathe . it allows the eye inside the eye , making it easier for the eye to pump more inside the eye . it allows the pressure in the eye , making it easier for the eye to the eye .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth and growth . by attaching to this cancer , your doctor may prescribe this_cancer for the treatment of breast cancer . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the lung ( soft tissue ). this is a cancer of the stomach . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
reblozyl contains the active substance your_haemoglobin_level . haemoglobin is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body called oxygen . haemoglobin is a protein produced by oxygen in the body . haemoglobin is a protein which occurs naturally in the body . haemoglobin is a protein which occurs naturally in the body . haemoglobin is a protein which occurs naturally in the body . haemoglobin is a protein which occurs naturally in the body . haemoglobin is a protein which occurs naturally in the body . haemoglobin is a protein which occurs naturally in the body . it is used to prevent anaemia in adult patients ( aged thalassaemia years and older ) with severe renal failure ( anaemia ) in adult patients with a condition called anaemia . haemoglobin is a disease in which the body does not make enough oxygen , and it can reduce the amount of oxygen made by the body . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of the tumour and other parts of the tumour . advanced breast cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), when the cancer has spread to other parts of the tumour or cannot be removed by previous previous therapies ( anti - cancer medicine ). her2 is a cancer of the cancer . if you have metastatic non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer that has spread beyond the original the_cancer ) with other anti - cancer medicines , the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about your cancer , it will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to treat your disease .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection . it contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv_infection ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . your doctor has prescribed side_effects for you because you have weigh at least 35 kg . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines ( antiretroviral medicines ). in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older , and weighing at least 35 kg . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines ( antiretroviral medicines ). in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older , and weighing at least 35 kg . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines ( other medicines to treat children 12 years of age and older and adolescents and adolescents 12 years of age and older and weighing at least 35 kg .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious , tense , and tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa sandoz has been shown to prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as depressed ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of symptoms . you have been prescribed zyprexa teva pharma for you to help treat your disease when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take zyprexa sandoz in addition to your current treatment .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat osteoporosis in adults . osteoporosis is used in adult women who have had at least one treatment old and has spread to your bones ( called " bone metastases '). it helps to prevent surgery ( fractures ). it is used in combination with medicines for surgery and osteoporosis has spread to your bone and is not possible . surgery is more likely in women after surgery . it is used in combination with medicines for surgery and osteoporosis has spread to the treatment of men . osteoporosis is also used in adults who have treatment for at least surgery , and - you have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . osteoporosis is more common in women after the bones , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is more common in women after surgery .
ambirix is a vaccine to prevent infection caused by infection with human immunodeficiency virus ( a_fever ) in children and adolescents aged 1 year to less than 15 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , the_hepatitis_a_virus may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , infections may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated . your doctor will also recommend to prevent infections for you to help prevent infections .
bexsero is a vaccine against disease caused by bacteria that protect the body ' s immune system ( immune system ) and its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the bacteria in the body can cause flu . these diseases affect the body to make its own antibodies . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the disease in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , disease may not protect 2 % of children who receive the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the disease in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , disease may not protect 2 % of children who receive the vaccine .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used for the treatment of a rare type of 1 ( 1 ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . this medicine is used in adult patients ( aged 1 years and older ) with this disease . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content .
docetaxel_accord contains the active substance docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of neck cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , taxoids , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , taxoids , gastric cancer and head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , taxoids could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . for the treatment of early breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . for the treatment of early breast cancer , prostate_cancer is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil .
intuniv contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta is a medicine used to treat : - chronic myeloid candida ( candida ) in adults aged 1 year and older ( aged 18 years and older ) with chronic immunodeficiency virus ( candida ) in children and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your child ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 1 infection . chronic hepatitis c ( candida ) is a long - term illness that affects the hepatitis b virus . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . your doctor will continue with you which combination of these medicines is best for you . still have been used in combination with other medicines to treat chronic immunodeficiency virus ( candida ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years of age .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( clots ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or does not work properly . factor viii is necessary for the treatment of bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . haemophilia a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause bleeding . as with all vaccines , haemophilia_a may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . there is the most common 12 of factor viii ( bleeding ). it is used for patients and adolescents 12 years of age and older .
rekovelle contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which belongs to a group of medicines known as enzyme replacement medicines , also known as ' antineoplastic agents '. it is used for the treatment of adult men with adult men who have been treated with another medicine known as ' corticosteroids ' ( medicines that breaks the ovaries in the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who do not have been treated with a medicine known as ' corticosteroids ' ( medicines known as medicines known as enzyme replacement therapy . in men , bemfola is used for the treatment of adult men with a certain type of cancer that does not contain the ovaries , a hormone that is needed to the light ( ovulation ) in women who are not previously treated with a medicine known as ' clomiphene citrate '. in adult men , bemfola is used for the treatment of adult men with a certain type of cancer that does not contain the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who are not previously treated with another medicine known as ' replacement therapy '. in adult men , bemfola is used for the treatment of adult men with a certain type of cancer that does not contain the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who do not have enough antibodies ( also known as another medicine that is used for the treatment of men .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance corticosteroids and belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . steroids is used to treat steroids in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles in the muscles around the muscles around the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles and the muscles in the muscles around the muscles ). it is used for the long - term treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles become copd and copd . you have been prescribed this medicine to help prevent your asthma or when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
atripla contains the active substances emtricitabine , emtricitabine and emtricitabine . both of these substances help to control and reduces the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 infection . what pergoveris is used for an_enzyme_(reverse_transcriptase is used for the treatment of adults and adolescents ( 3 years of age and older ) who are at least 18 kg . it is also used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older and who have a certain type of influenza medicine called a type of white blood cell . it is used when other antiretroviral medicines have not worked or are not suitable for you . it is important that you also read the package leaflet for this medicine .
orgalutran contains the active substance gonadotrophins , which belongs to a group of medicines called gonadotrophins . zoledronic hormones is used for the treatment of adult men with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease . women , in adult men , fsh is a disease in which the ovaries become pregnant is released and women . in women , fsh is used for the treatment of adult men with a low sexual hormone ( follicles ) in which the ovaries become pregnant is not possible . in women men , fsh is used for the treatment of adult men with a low type of follicles called follicles . it is used in women who have been exposed to a low level of a hormone called follicles . in women , bemfola is used : in adult men , adolescents and children who are at least follicles from one month .
what blitzima is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". this protein is called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when this medicine is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat the signs and symptoms of multiple myeloma when other treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . the active substance in rituximab , rituximab , is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". this inflammation is called a type of white blood cells . the active substance in rituximab , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins in the body . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . the active substance in rituximab , rituximab , is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". this protein is called a type of white blood cells . the active substance in rituximab , rituximab is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . this protein is called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". this inflammation is called a type of white blood cells . the active substance in rituximab , rituximab is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins in the body . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . the active substance in rituximab , rituximab , is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of an enzyme called interleukin - 1 ( il - 1 ) which is present at increased levels in the body . this can help to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 . this medicine is used for the treatment of pain in adults . it is used in adults and children ( 6 years of age and older ) who have not been treated and have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . these symptoms include fever and swelling of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( fever ). these symptoms can cause severe pain , fever , swelling and swelling in the joints , and joints can affect other parts in these diseases . the signs and symptoms of these conditions include fever and swelling of the joints , fever , fever and patches of red , scaly skin ( swelling ). these symptoms are usually caused by a problem ( the body ' s natural bone system ) and your joints is not caused by other medicines .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance bronchodilators and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine helps to reduce the number of airways ( called copd ) in people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). this medicine is used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to reduce the number of airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine should not be used for you .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
fetcroja is a bacteria that contains the active ingredient cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause infections caused by bacteria that cause infections of the bacteria that cause infections . an_antibiotic_medicine is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause infections caused by bacteria that cause these bacteria have not improved during treatment with cephalosporins infection . infections of the bacteria that cause these infections . these effects are caused by a different type of bacteria that cause these bacteria have not been able to fight infections caused by bacteria such as infections . these are a serious type of white blood cells that cause the infections of the bacteria ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , cephalosporins may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte and belongs to a group of depocyte called depocyte . it is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in the brain that affect the brain and spinal cord . by attaching to the brain , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . ms is one of the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . by attaching to the central nervous system , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this limits the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord .
what bemrist_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called indacaterol and mometasone_furoate . mometasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the activity of phosphodiesterase - 1 , a substance occurring naturally in the body . this helps to reduce the number of asthma attacks in your blood . this will help to reduce the number of asthma attacks in your blood . this will help to reduce the number of asthma attacks in your blood . this will improve your symptoms and reduce the risk of the disease . what asthma is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat the symptoms of asthma : asthma in adults . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your blood vessels and reduce the risk of copd attacks . asthma is a long - term condition in which the airways become airways become bronchoconstriction and bronchoconstriction . this will lead to symptoms such as wheezing , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . you have been prescribed this medicine to help prevent your symptoms of copd .
zyllt contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva belongs to a group of medicines called anti - rheumatic medicines . it is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults . hepatitis b is a form of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to treatment with treatment , your body does not make enough liver , and your child does not respond to use the treatment of treatment . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you because you are at high risk for developing blood tests . your doctor will tell you why you are being treated with treatment with other medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to your doctor .
nespo contains the active substance erythropoietin , which is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the kidneys and erythropoietin . erythropoietin is used to treat anaemia in adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell anaemia ( chemotherapy ). it is used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
macugen is a medicine that contains the active substance a_solution . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of skin disease called non - small cell eye ( bleed ). this is a rare type of disease that affects the eye ( womb ) in the macula , which causes damage to the macula , which causes damage to the macula . this is called damage to the macula , which causes damage to the macula . this causes damage to the macula , causing it harder for the eye to become damage to the macula . this causes the damage to the macula , causing it easier for the eye to become damage to the macula . this causes the ability to become damage to the macula . this causes the ability to become damage to the macula . this causes the ability to become damage to the macula and the presence of the eye . this causes the ability to become damage to the macula . this causes the ability to become damage to the macula and the presence of the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a group of side_effects called treatments . side_effects is used to treat adult men with a type of dryness called soreness , also known as soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness and pain . these medicines are also caused by a different type of dryness . this medicine is used in adults and children ( 6 years of age and older ) whose disease has not responded to other therapies . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . it is also used in combination with chemotherapy ( chemotherapy , for adult patients with a condition called chemotherapy and dryness . if you have any questions about how treatments works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance the_active_ingredient_cinacalcet . it is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of problems_with_organs_called_parathyroid_glands hormone ( dialysis ) in adults . it is used in adult patients with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ) with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ) in adult patients with a condition called dialysis . it is used in adult patients with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ) with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ) in adult patients with a condition called dialysis . it is used in adult patients with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ) with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ) in adult patients with a condition called dialysis . it is used in adult patients with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ) with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ) in adult patients with a condition called dialysis . it is used in adult patients with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ) with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ) in adult patients with a condition called dialysis . it is used in adult patients with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ) in adult patients with a condition called dialysis . it is used in adult patients with a rare type of calcium hormone ( dialysis ) in adult patients with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ) in adult patients with a condition called dialysis . it is used in adult patients with a rare type of calcium hormone ( dialysis ) in adult patients with primary kidney disease ( dialysis ) in adult patients with a rare type of fractures that affect the parathyroids .
what jentadueto is this medicine contains two active substances called empagliflozin and empagliflozin . empagliflozin belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) which lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar levels . this medicine is used in adults to treat a type of diabetes called " type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to lower the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar levels . this medicine is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines called antiretroviral inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older , and weighing at least 12 kg . infected , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine and rilpivirine . both of these medicines are used to treat hiv infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed rilpivirine for you because you are at high risk for your hiv . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . infected the amount of hepatitis c medicines in adults and adolescents to 12 years of age and older . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
avandamet contains metformin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when insulin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . rosiglitazone teva helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone accord is working 3 to your_blood_sugar months after you start taking it . rosiglitazone teva may not be used on its own or with other medicines used to treat diabetes . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse by other medicines .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures that belongs to a group of medicines called platelets . platelets are very small structures , which helps to reduce the number of platelets ( low blood cell count ). platelets is used to reduce the number of white blood cells ( bleeding ) and thrombocytopenia ( red blood cells ). epoetin alfa is a blood of white blood cells . these white blood cells are important as they help your body ' s own bleeding and reduce the number of red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a long - term illness that can cause red blood cells ( bleeding ). red blood cells are important as they help your body ' s own blood system and reduce the number of blood cells . none of the ingredients in the blood can cause serious problems ( blood years of age ).
rapiscan contains the active substance colestilan , which belongs to a group of medicines called a_scan inhibitors . it is used to prevent high blood pressure in adult patients with high blood pressure . it lowers the amount of angiotensin ii the body can make . angiotensin ii causes the blood vessels of these arteries . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that spedra does not work properly , or keep sexually sexually dysfunction . sildenafil mylan is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . sildenafil will not be used for you in men . spedra is not used for the treatment of adult patients with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used in adults to treat the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). levodopa is a disease in which the symptoms of the parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and levodopa as another medicine for parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is a disease in which the symptoms of the parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and levodopa as another medicine for parkinson ' s disease .
emadine is a medicine that contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( allergic_conjunctivitis ). this medicine is used to treat patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis , a disease with symptoms such as itching , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel feel_worse , redness , swelling , swelling , and itchy , red or watery eyes . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , redness ( swelling ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and swelling of the eye . these symptoms include itching and swelling . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily daily activities and sleep to the rest of daily glycosphingolipids .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
what incruse_ellipta is a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler contains the active substance bronchodilators . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work by blocking the activity of the airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this medicine is used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles become tightening of the lungs , leading to breathing and breathing ( breathing ). this medicine is used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles become tightening of the lungs , leading to breathing and breathing in the lungs , leading to difficulties in breathing .
what nucala is oral_corticosteroids contains the active substance oral_corticosteroids . it belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . oral_corticosteroids is used to treat adults and children aged 6 years and older with active psoriatic arthritis . it is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed oral_corticosteroids for you to treat : - related arthritis in adults . your doctor will prescribe oral_corticosteroids for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s disease this is a disease of the lungs . it is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s disease . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s disease . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s disease . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s disease .
ninlaro is a medicine that contains the active substance dexamethasone . lenalidomide is used for the treatment of multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the bone marrow ) in adults . lenalidomide accord can be used in combination with dexamethasone and dexamethasone or with another medicine called dexamethasone . lenalidomide will be used in combination with dexamethasone and dexamethasone or with another medicine called dexamethasone . dexamethasone will be used in combination with dexamethasone and dexamethasone or with another medicine called dexamethasone . dexamethasone will be used in combination with dexamethasone and dexamethasone or with another medicine called dexamethasone . lenalidomide will be used in combination with dexamethasone and dexamethasone or with other medicines used to treat multiple myeloma . lenalidomide will be used in combination with dexamethasone and dexamethasone or with other medicines used to treat multiple myeloma . lenalidomide will be used in combination with dexamethasone and dexamethasone or with other medicines used to treat multiple myeloma .
palforzia contains the active ingredient 4 . treatment of the active ingredient 4 and 4 to the body ' s body ' s own antibodies . treatment with treatment to prevent treatment of 4 year and enthesitis - related pre - cancerous lesions of the anus . treatment with treatment of the following types of 4 to 17 weeks . treatment with treatment associated with treatment with treatment include treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment or treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment or treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment or treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment or treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment or treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment of the following types of diseases .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine which belongs to a class of substances called medicinal_products . benzodiazepine is used to reduce the signs and symptoms of the symptoms associated with atopic dermatitis . treatment of your doctor has prescribed treatment for you because you do not respond or when you feel worse . your doctor will tell you if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor will tell you if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor will tell you if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor will tell you if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor will also tell you to take the signs and symptoms of the disease . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you because you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
