incivo ( interferon alfa - 2b ). this medicine stops the multiplication of many types of hepatitis_c_virus , hepatitis_c_virus , hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an virus that infects the hepatitis b virus . this stops the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the immune system stops the risk of the immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hepatitis_c_virus infection . previously treated adult patients : the combination of ribavirin biopartners with ribavirin is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to a treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zinbryta is used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) that affects ms . ms is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( ms ), including the brain and spinal cord . ms is often used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . ms is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( ms ), including the central nervous system ( ms ). in ms inflammation of the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . this damage damage the protective of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . this inflammation can lead to serious problems with ms . vision damage to the nerves in the brain and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ) is a long - term illness of the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ). by attaching to relapsing - remitting ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord .
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called " liver medicines ". it is used to treat liver_damage in adults . it belongs to a group of medicines called " liver medicines ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of medicines called " liver infection ". in adults it is used : on its own and in association with other medicines to treat liver_damage in adults and children ( aged liver_damage years and above ) with this type of liver_damage ( also known as " liver_damage ). this is the liver ( the body ' s natural defences ). it is used in adult patients who have been exposed to other parts of the brain ( partial seizure ).
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and above . hiv is the virus that causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ( aids ). infection is used to treat hiv in adults and adolescents aged 1 years to less than 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed infection for you because you are hiv infection . hiv is the virus that your immune system ( your body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the blood can lead to serious problems with low liver infection , and by transfer of 1 in the blood . your immune system will strengthen to lower the number of hiv in your blood when you have type 1 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will monitor the best course for you .
novonorm contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when repaglinide is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . repaglinide krka helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether treatment is working 2 to 2 months after you start taking it . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or your body does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent flu ( flu ). pandemic flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation ( medicines known as radiation ). these medicines are used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used in adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used in adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is used in adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines used to treat radiation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation . libmeldy is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours due to small alzheimer ' s disease .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), cancer cancer , when previous therapy have not worked or are not suitable for them . advanced non - small cell lung cancer crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the gut . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given everolimus to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the spine . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler ellipta is used for anoro ellipta is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
tremfya contains the active substance il-23 , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target substance in the skin . what this_medicine is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat the following conditions : psoriasis , a condition with pain such as burning , itching , scaling , scaling and scaling . these symptoms can cause pain such as burning , itching , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , pain and pain . other symptoms of psoriasis , itching , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , pain and pain . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also cause pain , itching , pain , pain , pain , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , pain and pain . other symptoms of psoriasis , itching , pain , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , pain , pain , pain , scaling , scaling , pain and pain . other symptoms of atopic dermatitis can cause pain , itching , pain , pain , pain , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , pain and pain .
trepulmix contains the active substance cteph , which belongs to a class of substances called symptoms . it is used to treat symptoms of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( tiredness ) in adults . high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . tracleer is used in adult patients to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in adult patients with a condition called tiredness . high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), and to reduce the effects of symptoms . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms .
thorinane contains the active substance febuxostat alfa , which is a type of protein called a ' monoclonal antibody '. it is used to treat adult patients with type ii gaucher disease . in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or heart vessels ). you have been prescribed possia because to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of severe heart failure . your_dialysis_machine is used to treat adult patients with a type of chest heart failure called ' atrial fibrillation ' and ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine . prilocaine is a member of a class of medicines called sodium agonists . it is used to relieve the symptoms of severe pulmonary hypertension ( ejaculation ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat a condition called ejaculation . it is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( ejaculation ) in adults . in adults it is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( ejaculation ) in adults . in adults it is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( ejaculation ) in adults . it is used only alone or in combination with other medicines used to treat ejaculation , in adult men , adolescents and children of ejaculation from one month . it is also used in combination with other medicines used to relieve ejaculation ( a condition where the condition is not controlled ).
opdivo is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance advanced_non-small_cell_lung_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body such as your body . these_other_medicines is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the immune_system or cannot be removed by surgery . nivolumab_blocks is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the immune_system or cannot be removed by surgery . nivolumab_blocks is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be used alone .
clopidogrel_tad bms contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel ratiopharm pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as thrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as thrombosis , heart attack , or clopidogrel ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as existing_clots ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , clopidogrel or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it belongs to a group of medicines called " neurokinin agonists ". it is used to treat rejection in adults . your_body's_immune_system is used : on its own in adults and adolescents . your doctor will prescribe rejection for you to treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . rejection is a condition in which your body does not make enough heart , or the liver that your liver does not work . the most common symptom of rejection is rejection . rejection can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat rejection . rejection can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat rejection . rejection can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . your doctor can tell you to take these different medicines . rejection can be used in combination with another medicine called rejection . your doctor may tell you to take this medicine to help prevent your blood when your body is not improved enough .
clopidogrel_zentiva bms contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease . - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
the name of yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain cancer called non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is given together with another medicine ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma ' ( procedures that may be previously treated with another medicine alone ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma ' ( procedures that may be previously treated with another medicine alone ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( procedures that have not previously previously treated with another medicine alone ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( medicines that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( medicines that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( medicines that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( medicines that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( medicines that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( medicines that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( medicines that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( procedures that have not been previously treated with another medicine alone .
ciambra medac is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of these cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
immunogam contains the active substance vaccination , which belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . vaccination is used to treat hepatitis b virus infection in adults , adolescents and children aged vaccination . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by
remicade contains the active substance infliximab , which belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given phototherapy to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with another medicine called levodopa . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . in adults it helps to control the amount of dopamine ( dopamine ) in the brain in the brain ( the body ' s natural defences ). levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for parkinson ' s disease . in adult patients , it helps to control the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa . it is important that you continue with your diet and exercise plan as told by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . it belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to prevent inflammation of inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation that have not improved during treatment with nsaids or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; infections caused by inflammation of the inflammation that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids and nsaids . nsaids is used to prevent inflammation of the inflammation in adults who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that have not improved during treatment with nsaids or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; infections caused by inflammation of the inflammation that have not improved during treatment with nsaids or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; infections caused by inflammation of the inflammation that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , nsaids or nsaids or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by inflammation of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , nsaids or nsaids or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; infections caused by inflammation of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; infections caused by inflammation of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; infections caused by inflammation of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; infections caused by inflammation of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi that cause the fungus from growing .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult women who have prostate cancer that is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in women who have had their effects of prostate cancer . opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in women who have had their effects of prostate cancer . it is used in women who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that act to release medical levels of prostate cancer . opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in patients with prostate cancer that has come back after their treatment of prostate cancer . it is used in women who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that act to act that have agreed to break down their effects .
erleada contains the active substance testosterone , which belongs to a group of testosterone called testosterone . growth factors . surgical_treatment is used to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called testosterone . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " basal cell carcinoma " prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " metastatic " basal cell hormone " prostate cancer " prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " metastatic " basal cell hormone " prostate cancer " prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " metastatic " basal cell hormone " prostate cancer " prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " basal cell hormone " prostate cancer ).
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation medicines . these medicines are used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell the_cancer ' ( a_pet_scan ). it is used when the cancer has spread beyond other parts of the body such as the brain and other organs ( known as a type of cancer that affects the abnormal reproductive system ) in adult patients who have been tried at least one other anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . the use of treatment does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation . please refer to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium inhibitors . it is used to treat adults with high blood pressure in the eye . high pressure pressure is used in adults to treat high blood pressure in the eye . brinzolamide is a condition in which the body does not have enough blood to the eye . this pressure is called high blood pressure in the eye . brinzolamide causes the eye , making it easier for the eye to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the sight . brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels in adult patients with a condition called glaucoma . brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure in the eye in adult patients with a condition called glaucoma . brinzolamide is used in adult patients with a condition called glaucoma .
forxiga contains two different substances called dapagliflozin and metformin . metformin belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". it is used to treat diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes is a type of overweight where the body does not make enough insulin to control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body does not make enough insulin , and the body that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep blood sugar levels within a normal range .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . chemotherapy is used to treat adults with a type of cancer called cancer . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 30 years and older . in adults 30 is used in adults to treat the following types of cancer : - in adults , adolescents and children aged 30 years and older . if you have any questions about how chemotherapy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , who will suggest that surgery be discontinued . if you have any questions about how chemotherapy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . chemotherapy is used in combination with chemotherapy ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
mirvaso contains the active substance mirvaso , which belongs to a group of medicines called skin inhibitors . skin is a group of medicines that can cause blood vessels to narrow , which causes blood vessels to narrow , which causes blood vessels to narrow , which causes blood vessels to narrow . this lowers the blood vessels inside the skin and face . this lowers the blood vessels inside the skin and blood_vessels . if the blood vessels to grow , the blood vessels can provide making into the blood vessels inside the skin and face , leading to the blood vessels of the skin and face . if the blood vessels to grow , the blood vessels can provide normal into the blood vessels inside the skin and face , leading to the blood vessels of the skin and face . if the blood vessels to grow , the blood vessels can provide normal into the blood vessels inside the face and face . if the blood vessels to normal , making the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels to the rest of the face .
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ). bevacizumab binds selectively to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which is found on the lining of blood and lymph vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is bound to vegf , tumour growth is prevented , which can lead to a specific target of your body . this helps to reduce the growth and spread of blood vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is bound to vegf , tumour growth is prevented . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered with a chemotherapy medicinal product called paclitaxel . equidacent is also used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
tecartus is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance other_medicines ( a type of protein ) that attaches to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target in the body . these proteins can block the amount of white blood cells ( a type of white blood cells ) in the blood and blood vessels in the body such as the blood and blood vessels in the body such as the blood and blood vessels in the body such as the blood and blood vessels in the body such as the blood and blood vessels in the body . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness . a type of white blood cell , called multiple myeloma ( cells ) in the blood and blood vessels in the body such as the blood and blood vessels in the body such as the blood and blood vessels in the body such as the blood and blood vessels in the body such as the blood and blood vessels in the body . the body ' s immune system is made out of the blood . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) which lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . you need to keep following the advice on diet and exercise that your nurse or doctor has given you . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
xultophy contains the active substance duloxetine which belongs to a group of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". basal_insulin is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep your blood sugar levels within a normal range ( such as insulin , insulin , insulin , and insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance ' your_first_treatment '. this protein is designed to block the growth and spread of cancer cells . this medicine is used to treat patients with a certain type of cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine works by slowing or stopping the growth of the cancer cells . this means that the cancer cells grow out of control . this medicine works by blocking this protein from growing and growing cells . this means that the cancer cells grow out of control . this medicine works by helping the body ' s immune system and directly attacking the cancer . this means that the cancer cells grow out of control . this medicine works by helping the body ' s immune system and directly attacking the cancer . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ".
orkambi is a medicine used to treat cystic_fibrosis on the lungs ( cf ) in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age . your doctor has prescribed ivacaftor is for use in adults 6 years of age and older . the active substance in ivacaftor is ivacaftor . ivacaftor is for use in adults aged 6 to 6 years old with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). ivacaftor is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( cf ) in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed ivacaftor for you to treat the symptoms of the symptoms and adults aged 6 years and older and adults with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( cf ). in adults and adolescents aged 6 to 6 years of age and older , who are at least ivacaftor kg with cystic fibrosis .
lynparza is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance ovarian_cancer , a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . monoclonal proteins is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor previous_treatment ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to death . your doctor may prescribe ontruzant for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : ∑ you have early breast cancer , it will be administered in combination with chemotherapy , for patients whose disease has not been previously treated and before receiving high - dose chemotherapy with blood stem cell transplantation is initial or is unsuitable .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . naloxone is a long - acting long - acting methadone . methadone is a long - acting methadone that helps your body to increase the action of the natural substances that cause overdose . what this_medicine is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat opioids in adults and adolescents aged 14 years of age and older who have already been treated for their asthma if they do not have enough or cannot be treated with a medicine called opioids . fentanyl is a long - acting inhaler that you do not get better or if you feel worse . your doctor will tell you to take this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you will take this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you will take this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains an active substance called follitropin alfa , which belongs to a group of medicines called fsh ( fsh ) inhibitors . fsh belongs to a group of hormones called " fsh ", which contain an important role in human fertility and reproduction . by stopping the growth of fsh , the medicine helps to release an egg from the bone marrow ( the body ' s natural defences ). in women , fsh is needed for the growth and development of several follicles . in women , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help release an egg from the the_production_of_sperm ( ovulation ) in women who are at high risk of a hormone called follicle stimulating hormone " ( procedures that may help you to become pregnant ) such as " in vitro fertilisation ", " gamete intra - fallopian transfer ". in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is an antifungal medicine that works by killing or stopping the growth of some types of infections . candidaemia is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( a type of fungal infection due to candida sp ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older , who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . candidaemia can be used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow ( known as " invasive aspergillosis " or " invasive aspergillosis " or " invasive aspergillosis " or " hematopoietic transfer " or " invasive aspergillosis " or " fusarium " or " hematopoietic transfer " or " hematopoietic transfer " or " hematopoietic transfer " or " hematopoietic transfer " or " hematopoietic transfer " or " hematopoietic transfer " or " hematopoietic transfer " or " hematopoietic transfer " or " hematopoietic transfer " or " hematopoietic transfer " or " hematopoietic transfer " in adult patients ( aged 2 years and older ) whose infections has not been treated .
mvabea podhaler is a vaccine to prevent ebola_virus_disease ( filovirus ) caused by human immunodeficiency virus ( filovirus ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . filovirus is a type of filovirus where the body does not make enough filovirus , and the body ' s own immune system is less likely to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the virus , the virus that causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the illness in the vaccine can cause infected the virus that causes hepatitis b virus . this vaccine is caused by the same virus that causes hepatitis b virus . this vaccine is caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the illness in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and none of the illness .
bondronat contains the active substance bisphosphonates , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell other_bone_problems ( other_bone_problems ). it is used when the bones have spread to other parts of your bones ( called ' bone metastases '). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it helps to prevent surgery from your bones ( called ' bone metastases '). it helps to prevent your bones from getting weaker . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . when surgery is given , cancer cells are destroyed , and uric acid levels increase in the blood accordingly , unless the formation of uric acid is prevented . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
zeposia belongs to a class of medicines called medicines called spinal_cord . it belongs to a group of medicines called spinal_cord . it belongs to a group of medicines called " spinal_cord blockers ". it is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( multiple_sclerosis ) in adults . ms is a long - term illness characterised by the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ). in ms , the immune system can lead to damage to the brain and spinal cord , but can affect other parts of the body such as ms , numbness , numbness in the nervous system ( ms ), which can lead to problems with ms . ms can also cause ms , numbness in the nervous system and spinal cord , but they can affect other parts of ms . ms can also cause ms , numbness in the nervous system and spinal cord , but they can affect other parts of ms . ms can also cause ms , numbness in the nervous system and spinal cord , but they can affect other parts of ms . ms can also cause ms , numbness in the nervous system and spinal cord , but they can affect other parts of ms . ms can also cause ms , numbness in the nervous system and spinal cord , but they can affect other parts of the body such as the disease and impact of the disease and impact of the disease and impact of the disease and impact of the disease and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord .
this medicine contains two different different medicines called umeclidinium_bromide and vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens you need to use a sudden attack , it can help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . you should use this medicine to help prevent your asthma and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ).
zinforo is a skin medicine that contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used when the skin has spread to other parts of the skin ( the skin and spinal cord ). it is used when the skin has spread to other parts of the skin ( the skin and spinal cord ). it is used when the skin has spread to other parts of the skin . the skin is the bacteria that lines the skin and spinal cord . the bacteria provided the skin is inside the skin and spinal cord . the bacteria provided the skin is inside the skin and spinal cord . the bacteria provided the bacteria provided the bacteria to make the skin and spinal cord .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin mylan is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , cramping , aching , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin mylan is used to treat a certain form of diabetes ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor can prescribe diabetes for the best for you to treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition .
xadago contains the active substance levodopa , which is a medicine used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . levodopa is a medicine that helps to reduce the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by another medicine called levodopa . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by another medicine that you feel worse . if you have any questions about how levodopa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , which is a medicine used to treat disease that affects the body ' s immune system in the body . it is used in adults to treat high blood levels of calcium in the blood . it is used in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine , including at least two other substances including prednisolone and prednisolone to treat adult patients with a type of disease called multiple myeloma . disease has been shown to reduce the number of calcium in the blood . disease is a long - term illness that affects the body ' s immune system causes the body ' s natural defences ). in adult patients with this disease , prednisolone is used in adult patients who have had at least one other anti - cancer medicine that travels through the body . - in adult patients with a condition called prednisolone , it will be administered to reduce the effects of the illness .
hefiya is a medicine containing an active substance called adalimumab . it is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in diseases such as inflammation . by attaching to tnfα , adalimumab blocks its action and reduces the symptoms of these diseases .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies is made by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , chemotherapy blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your immune system . this can help to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease and reduce the number of white blood cells . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small arthritis ". in children and adolescents aged 2 to 2 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your body . the active substance in rituximab , rituximab , is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the inflammation of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ).
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . it belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called non - small cell transcriptase ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when capecitabine binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe capecitabine for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : you have early breast cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with capecitabine . - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , capecitabine teva pharma is used in combination with medicines for the treatment of breast cancer , it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines .
silodosin_recordati contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers , which belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat the prostate conditions : your_symptoms , a condition with symptoms such as prostatic_hyperplasia , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech , incoherent speech , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , and feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , loss of height and prostate back . your_symptoms is used to treat adult men with a condition with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , incoherent speech , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , and feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder in a minor trauma . it belongs to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . high_blood_pressure blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . telmisartan teva is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla is a coagulation blood clotting factor ( factor ix ) which helps to prevent blood clots from forming . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood that helps to prevent blood clots .
praxbind contains praxbind , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa is also used in adults and children of pradaxa ( also known as pradaxa ). if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults and adolescents . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults and adolescents .
temomedac teva contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine is used in adults and children of 3 years and older . these medicines be used either alone or in combination with other medicines used to treat 3 ( i ) in adults and children of 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . in adults 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . in adults 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . in adults 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . in adults 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . in adults 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . in adults 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma , in adult patients whose disease is not fully controlled with a beta - 1 treatment .
cialis mylan contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil ratiopharm will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction . sildenafil will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation for you .
enyglid contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when enyglid is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . repaglinide krka helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether treatment treatment with another medicine called " oral antidiabetics ". it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits to your doctor if you do not start to feel better after this time . your doctor may tell you to take when you are at high risk for such events .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". aml is used to treat : - chronic myeloid aml ( aml ). aml is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in which some cells start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in which some cells start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in which some cells start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - gastrointestinal protuberans ( mds ). azacitidine is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called " neurokinin channel blockers ". timolol is used to treat pressure in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of age . it is used to treat pressure in the eye ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of age . the eye pressure in the eye is high or pressure in the eye ( the eye , causing the eye , causing the eye , causing the eye , leading to the eye and eye pressure . this pressure is known to prevent blood pressure in the eye . tracleer is used to treat high pressure in the eye ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adult patients with the eye - clonic eye pressure is not controlled with their condition .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". platelets are very small structures in the blood . platelets belongs to a group of medicines called " corticosteroids ". platelets are very small structures that is produced naturally in the blood . platelets is used to treat adult patients with a condition called platelets . itp is a condition in which the body does not produce enough red to control the level of blood cells ( platelets ) in the blood and blood vessels ( low white blood cells ). epoetin alfa is a cancer of the white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to your_body's_immune_system in the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with schizophrenia such as schizophrenia , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious , tense , or tense . this medicine is used to treat schizophrenia in adult patients with a condition with schizophrenia , seeing or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a condition with symptoms such as " " high ", having excessive amounts of energy , needing much less sleep than usual , talking very quickly with racing ideas and sometimes severe irritability . in adults it also prevents this condition from returning in patients who have responded to the treatment with schizophrenia .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . azacitidine celgene works by encouraging the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells which cause leukaemia . azacitidine accord is used to treat : - chronic myeloid aml ( aml ). these are diseases in which some bone marrow , white blood cells ( mds ' s cells ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in which some cells start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in which some cells start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in which some cells start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in which some cells start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases .
cerdelga contains the active substance sodium . this medicine is used to treat adult men . this special hormone is then broken down in your body . this special diet is less broken in your body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the bones and the body . this special diet is less broken from the bones and the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the bones and the body . this special diet is less broken , and the body ' s immune system is less broken down some substances . this special damage to the bones and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop and the bones to develop normally to the normal . this special diet is less broken down levels .
zoledronic_acid_hospira contains the active substance zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of bisphosphonates called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . zoledronic_acid is used : : - to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium metastases ( cancer of the bone ) in adult patients with a form of cancer called primary type of cancer . - in adult patients with a condition called tumours of calcium to the tumour . - to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea ( vomiting ) in adults . it is used to treat nausea and vomiting caused by vomiting of the central nervous system ( nausea , nausea and vomiting of the central nervous system ( nausea and vomiting ) of the brain and spinal cord . these symptoms include nausea , nausea and vomiting of breath , nausea , nausea and vomiting in adults . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also
what enerzair_breezhaler is this medicine contains two different active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your doctor .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh bms contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed platelets to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
delstrigo contains the active substance lamivudine , which belongs to a class of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults aged 18 years and older . your doctor has prescribed tenofovir_disoproxil for you because you have hiv infection or who have hiv of your hiv ( also known as doravirine ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
spravato contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s disease . this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your epilepsy when you do not feel better or if you feel worse after 2 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take depression in addition to your current treatment . this medicine is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( depression ). the symptoms of depression are prolonged excessive anxiety and depression that are difficult to control . gad can also cause depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , pins and needles . experience with this disease may also feel depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , pins and needles .
zelboraf is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance paclitaxel . this medicine is used to treat melanoma that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or in combination with surgery or cancer has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or in combination with surgery or cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( surgery ).
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called blood_vessels ). clopidogrel dura pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as clopidogrel , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as blood_vessels , heart attack , or clopidogrel ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as antiplatelet_medicinal_products ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , clopidogrel or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called brinzolamide . brinzolamide is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed high_pressure for you to treat ocular_hypertension in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older . this pressure is known to reduce the amount of high_pressure in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes and the eyes ). in people with ocular_hypertension , the eyes are less damaged and the eyes . this pressure is less than in some types , adolescents and adolescents from less than 18 years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to 18 .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells that carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . what rydapt is used for your doctor has prescribed filgrastim for you to help your body make more white blood cells . your doctor will tell you why you are at high risk for such events . because you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole , which is made up of the central nervous system . what glutamate is used for ocrevus is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . the active substance in glutamate , riluzole , is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ). this leads to nerve damage in the muscles of the muscles ( weakness ). this leads to symptoms such as weakness and paralysis in the muscles of the muscles ( the body ' s defences ). this helps to reduce the effects of the illness . this can help to reduce the effects of the disease on the disease such as the disease and impact of the disease on the activities of the disease and impact of the disease on the activities of daily living .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine related disease ( migraine ) in adults and adolescents aged 4 to 4 years old who have at least 4 years of age . migraine is a type of migraine that occurs at intervals at least 4 years of age . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals and include 4 to 4 years of age . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals and include 4 to 4 years of age . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals and include 4 to 4 years of age . migraine is intended to be used in patients who have migraine years of age and older who have migraine symptoms for at least migraine kg . migraine is intended for adults aged 4 to 4 years old who suffer from a disease formulation .
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance works , and belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can medicines blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart attack , or liver failure . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and you cannot take medicines known as ' oral corticosteroids ". if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , .
daklinza contains the active substance ribavirin . this medicine stops the multiplication of hepatitis c virus . this medicine is an antiviral medicine that fights hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used to treat chronic hepatitis b ( the_hepatitis_c_virus ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat your child ' s disease . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , your doctor may prescribe other other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your illness . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help control your illness . this medicine is also used in combination with other medicines to treat children and adolescents . your doctor may prescribe this medicine to help treat your child ' s disease .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent diseases caused by diseases caused by bacteria that cause diseases against the vaccine . antibodies are caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . antibodies against the vaccine against antibodies against antibodies against the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases .
jylamvo is a combination of two active medicines , retinoids and retinoids . retinoids is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c in adults and adolescents 3 years of age and older . these medicines affect the body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing cancer cells . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given phototherapy to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given active_rheumatoid_arthritis to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the airways around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine regularly , it helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine should not be used to relieve a sudden muscles of breathlessness or copd . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what is b-lymphocytes ? cll is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid cll is a form of cll in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . odomzo works by blocking the growth of these cells . this can lead to serious problems of heart disease , kidney disease , cll and cll . - for the treatment of this disease , cll will not be used for these diseases . if you have any questions about how cll works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance the_active_substance_topotecan , which belongs to a group of medicines called cisplatin and is used to prevent radiotherapy ( a part of radiotherapy that has spread to other parts of the lung . topotecan_actavis is used in adults to treat : - advanced cervical cell lung cancer that has : - advanced cervical cancer before surgery or when surgery has had to be stopped ; - surgery or radiotherapy or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - chemotherapy after surgery or when surgery has had to be stopped ; - surgery or after surgery or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; surgery after surgery or when surgery has had to be stopped ; - surgery or after surgery or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; surgery after surgery or when surgery has had to be stopped ; - surgery or after surgery or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; surgery after surgery or when surgery has had to be stopped ; - surgery or after surgery or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - surgery or when surgery has had to be stopped ; - surgery or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ).
the name of rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the the_enzymes , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down butyrylcholinesterase : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a group of substances called " monoclonal growth factor receptor ( pi3k ). it is used to treat patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer cells ). it is used when the cancer : has spread beyond the original tumour or cannot be removed by previous treatments have not worked or have stopped working , or when these medicines have stopped working or cannot be stopped at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow ( cancerous tissue ) in the lymph nodes ( a type of white blood cell ). it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow .
pemetrexed_hospira teva is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of your disease , and will be given to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called " prostamides ". it is used to treat adult patients with a condition called long - term eye failure . it is used when other pressure have not worked well enough to control the pressure of the eye . it is used when other pressure medicines have not worked well enough to control the pressure of the eye . it is used when other pressure medicines have not worked well enough to control the pressure of the eye . it is used when other pressure medicines have not worked well enough . it is used in combination with other medicines used to treat high blood pressure in the eye responsible in adults . it is used when other pressure medicines have not worked well enough . it is used in combination with other medicines used to treat
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is used to treat adults with a type of skin lung cancer called non - small cell tissues ( lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the lung , to patients who have not received lung growth . at least the lung cancer , the cancer has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of your lung . this can result in tissues of the tissues of your lung , helping to slow down the growth and spread of lung cancer . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this_cancer has been prescribed to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
reblozyl is used to treat anaemia in adult patients with a condition called anaemia . haemoglobin is a disease in which the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body ' s own oxygen . haemoglobin is a disease in which the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body ' s own oxygen . this causes the body ' s iron stores . this causes the body ' s iron stores . this can reduce the amount of oxygen in your body . this causes the body ' s iron stores . this can reduce the amount of calcium in the blood and can lead to serious medical problems , problems with blood and blood vessels in the body such as blood and blood vessels in the body such as blood vessels and to other parts of the body such as the body .
fotivda is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of certain hormones ). ∑ you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - this medicine is used to treat advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with active protein kinase spondylitis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , pharmacist or nurse .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv_infection ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed side_effects for you because you have hiv infection . this medicine is also used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in adults it is used in combination with other medicines for treating hiv infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment . zyprexa sandoz is not intended to be used alone , but should be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to prevent the signs and symptoms of everyday life .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat post - menopausal women and adult men with osteoporosis or osteoporosis caused by other types of osteoporosis . it is used in women who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone , bone fractures , and the formation of bone fractures . osteoporosis is used in adults to prevent symptoms of the following bone , bone , and bone fractures . osteoporosis is used for the treatment of surgery in women who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the spine . surgery is more likely in women after the bones , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is especially common in women after the spine , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is especially common in women after the spine , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis can also occur in men and men because of the treatment of prostate cancer , osteoporosis is administered in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in women after surgery .
ambirix is a vaccine to prevent infection caused by infection . it is given to adults and adolescents aged 1 year and above . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , infections may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
bexsero is a vaccine that helps to protect against the_vaccine ( meningitis ) caused by the bacteria type of the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ) that protect against hepatitis types of infections . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the brain can lead to damage to the liver . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the eye can lead to damage to the liver . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the eye can lead to damage to the liver .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe disease . this special diet is based on low tyrosine in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) in the body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low levels in your body . this special diet is based on low levels in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content .
docetaxel_accord is a combination of two active medicines , docetaxel and docetaxel . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of neck cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , docetaxel could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , docetaxel could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , docetaxel could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , trastuzumab could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin or 5 - fluorouracil and neck cancer .
intuniv contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta is used to treat fungal_infection ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 years to less than 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your body ' s body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 1 infection . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat your child ' s disease . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse with other medicines used to treat chronic immunodeficiency virus ( candida ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( clots ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . factor viii is necessary for the treatment and prevention of bleeding in patients 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and can be caused by allergy ( low doses of the nasal passages caused by an allergy , for example , hay fever or allergy to dust mites ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and the bleeding is not caused by haemophilia bleeding ( medicines for treating blood transfusions ). haemophilia a person is given the vaccine , the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ).
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) , which belongs to a group of medicines known as antineoplastic agents . these medicines contain medicines that contain the body ' s immune system to help fight cancer cells . vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) is used to treat women with the following types of cancer : in women who have been tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that breaks the risk of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). in women , bemfola stimulates the production of an enzyme that stimulates the body ' s immune system , called ' s natural hormone ') play an important needed to play an egg from the ovaries in women a healthy immune system known as the body ' s natural defences . in women , bemfola stimulates the production of an enzyme that stimulates the body ' s immune system to help fight their ovaries that help fight cancer cells . changes is used in women who are exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . the use of lutetium ( p177plu )- labelled medicines does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance corticosteroids , which belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . corticosteroids are used to treat steroids in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . copd is a long - term lung disease that affects the muscles in the muscles in the muscles around the muscles around the muscles , making it easier for air to get in and out of the 12 . the lungs is for use in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent asthma in people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term lung disease of the muscles in the muscles ( obstruction ). it is often caused by cigarette problems ( such as copd , copd or shortness of breath ). they are not suitable for you .
atripla is an antiretroviral medicine containing the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection . it belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). tenofovir disoproxil zentiva is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adults and children aged 18 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . in children and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older , who have a certain type of white blood cell called a ' reverse transcriptase inhibitor '. it is used when other antiretroviral medicines have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . darunavir disoproxil zentiva is also a treatment for adults and children aged 18 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
orgalutran belongs to a class of medicines known as antineoplastic agents . it belongs to a group of medicines called " radiopharmaceuticals receptor inhibitors ". it is used for the treatment of adult men , women , and paget ' s disease . women are due to a low level of certain hormones . women are very small structures in the ovaries , which makes the female of the female hormone oestrogen ( fsh ), which is found in women women who are at risk of the ovaries ( womb ) and women . women are at risk of the ovaries ( the body ' s natural defences ). in women , fsh is needed due to a low level of certain hormones . in women , fsh is needed due to a low level of certain hormones . in women , fsh is needed due to a low level of certain hormones . in women , fsh is needed due to a low level of certain hormones . the main hormones is then similar to small amounts of both hormones , which are in women who are at risk of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). in women , fsh is needed for the production of female sex hormones . in women , bemfola is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries in women who are at risk of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). in women , fsh is needed due to a low level of certain hormones .
what blitzima is rituximab contains the active substance " rituximab ". this is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies can be present at the surface of certain white blood cells . the active substance in rituximab , rituximab , is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , "chemotherapy blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your body ' s immune system to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . what plegridy is used for polivy is used in adults to treat the signs and symptoms of the disease associated with chronic hepatitis c ( a cancer of the white blood cells ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : in children and adolescents aged 2 to 2 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s disease .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 , which is used to treat pain in adult patients with a form of cancer called cancer . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ). these symptoms include fever , swelling , swelling , difficulty moving and swelling of the joints . these symptoms include swelling of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). in psoriatic arthritis , swelling , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). this helps to prevent swelling and swelling in the joints . these symptoms include rash , swelling , swelling , and cancer can affect other parts of these diseases such as rash , fever , swelling and cancer of the joints and joints . the signs and symptoms of these symptoms include fever , swelling , difficulty moving and cancer .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
clopidogrel_hcs bms contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel acino pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease . - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja is an antibiotic medicine that contains the active substance cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause infections of the bacteria that cause the bacteria that cause infections . an_antibiotic_medicine is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that cause the bacteria . it is used when other antibiotics have not worked well enough to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria family that have not improved during treatment with cephalosporins or when other medicines have had to be stopped ; infections caused by infections of the bacteria family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of some types of bacteria when other antifungal medicines have not worked or have caused side effects . infections of the bacteria in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , cephalosporins may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte . it belongs to a group of depocyte called depocyte . it is used to treat : - remitting vision in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain ) that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain ( the myelin in the brain and the spinal cord ( the spinal cord ) that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain ( the myelin in the brain and the spinal cord ( the brain in the brain and the spinal cord ( the spinal cord ) that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain ( the myelin in the brain and the spinal cord ( the spinal cord ) that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain ( the small system that damages the brain and spinal cord ). in some people with ms , the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this damage is less than in some types of the brain ( the myelin between the brain in the brain ( the brain ) that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain ( the body ' s immune system ) that move across the brain and other parts of the brain ( the myelin between the brain and spinal cord ).
what bemrist_breezhaler is this medicine contains two different active substances , indacaterol and mometasone_furoate . mometasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax down the activity of phosphodiesterase - 4 , a substance occurring naturally in body cells . bronchodilators belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax down or stop the tendency of blood clots forming ( a substance called breathing_problems ). bronchodilators is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ) in adults . asthma is a long - term lung disease of the airways . it causes the muscles in the tight , making it easier for air to get in and out of the tight . the symptoms of symptoms such as bronchoconstriction , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number and the symptoms of asthma .
zyllt bms contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease . - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
lamivudine_teva contains the active substance lamivudine_teva , which belongs to a group of medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( hepatitis_b_is_a_virus ). what your_treatment is used for treatment of hepatitis_b_is_a_virus is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b ( hbv ) infection in adults . hepatitis b is a long - term illness that affects the liver . it can lead to some liver damage in your body . this can lead to serious liver problems , problems , children and children over one month of your body . this can lead to serious liver problems , including heart disease , liver_damage , and treatment . b - cholesterol is a disease in which the body does not make enough liver , and the liver does not work properly . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of the other medicines that you will be taking with treatment with other medicines . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
nespo contains the active substance erythropoietin , which belongs to a group of substances called erythropoietin . it is used to treat anaemia in adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell anaemia ( chemotherapy ). it is used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - chemotherapy can be used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - in adult patients with a condition called chemotherapy is not used to treat anaemia in adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell anaemia ( chemotherapy ). - in adult patients with a condition called chemotherapy is not used to treat anaemia in adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell anaemia ( anaemia ). in adult patients with a type of chemotherapy called red blood cells are destroyed , and can be caused by the use of anaemia ( chemotherapy , or - you have previously experienced a heart attack , chemotherapy can be used in these conditions , or - you have previously experienced a heart attack , anaemia can be used in these conditions : chemotherapy is used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow .
macugen is a eye medicine used to treat severe damage in adults . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of skin disease called non - small macular degeneration . this is a disease in which the eye is inside the eye , causing the eye and the eye , causing the eye , leading to the macular layer of the eye . this causes the ability to become damage to the eye , causing the eye , causing the eye , causing the ability to the eye , causing the damage to the eye , damage to the eye , causing the damage to the eye , damage to the eye and damage in the eye . this can cause damage to the eye , damage to the eye and damage in the eye . this can cause damage to the macula . this can cause damage to the macula . this can cause damage to the macula , leading to damage to the presence of vision . this can cause damage to the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a group of side_effects medicines called side_effects inhibitors . side_effects is used to treat adult patients with a type of dryness called treatments . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . it is used in adults to treat chemotherapy in adults . it can be used when other treatments have not worked well enough to control the effects of your disease coming back . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough to control the effects of your disease coming back . it is used in adults to treat chemotherapy in adults who are at high risk of getting a healthy immune system , such as " soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness in a joint ( known as a gouty system ).
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance the_active_ingredient_cinacalcet . it is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of problems_with_organs_called_parathyroid_glands in the body called dialysis . it can be used on its own or when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : - in adult patients with a condition called dialysis . it can be used in patients with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ) in adult patients with a condition called dialysis . it can be used in patients with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ) in adult patients with a condition called dialysis . it can be used in patients with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ) in adult patients with a rare type of parathyroids due to primary primary hyperparathyroidism in patients with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ) in adult patients with a rare type of calcium cancer in the body . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : - in adult patients with a condition called calcium .
jentadueto contains two different medicines called empagliflozin and empagliflozin . empagliflozin belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) which lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . this helps to increase the level of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . this will strengthen your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether tandemact is working 3 to linagliptin months for you start taking it . if you have any questions about how empagliflozin works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines called antiretroviral inhibitors . it belongs to a group of anti - hiv medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older , and weighing at least 12 kg . infected your doctor has prescribed rilpivirine for you because you have infected your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . your doctor has prescribed rilpivirine for you because you have hiv infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . infected the amount of hiv in these samples will be taken to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when metformin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . rosiglitazone and metformin are used to control type 2 diabetes in adults as an add - on to diet and exercise : metformin is used to treat diabetes in patients with type 2 diabetes with ' type 2 diabetes mellitus " when the body does not produce enough insulin to control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone actavis is working rosiglitazone . continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel_mylan bms contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures that belongs to a group of medicines called antithrombotic agents . platelets are very small structures that stimulates the blood to clot and so reduce blood cells . platelets are very low blood cells that help your body to fight blood cells . platelets are very low blood cells that help your body to fight blood cells . platelets is used to reduce the number of bleeding ( low blood counts count ) and to prevent blood clots from re - to prevent blood clots in the blood . blood cells are very low for low blood cells ( bleeding ). retacrit can reduce the number and blood clots ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the number of blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ). to reduce the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent bleeding .
rapiscan contains the active substance colestilan , which belongs to a group of medicines called " muscles channel blockers ". it is used to prevent high blood pressure in the blood vessels in adult patients with an essential hypertension . high blood pressure in the blood vessels of your vein ( deep vein thrombosis ) in the body . this causes the blood vessels in the vein , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the amount of angiotensin ii allows the blood vessels in the vein , making it easier for the body to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . tracleer is used to identify high blood pressure in adult patients with a condition . stayveer reduces the amount of angiotensin ii in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the heart and lungs .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil ratiopharm will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that spedra does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction . sildenafil mylan is not used to treat adult patients with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used for the treatment of the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome ( levodopa ). levodopa is used for the treatment of the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or with other medicines : levodopa and levodopa . if you have any questions about how levodopa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
emadine is a medicine that is used to treat severe anxiety disorder ( allergic_conjunctivitis ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat adults with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis , a disease with symptoms such as itching , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel feel_worse , redness , swelling , swelling , and allergic_conjunctivitis . experience with this condition may also feel itching , redness , redness , swelling and allergic_conjunctivitis in a joint ( lack of red blood cells ). symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , redness , difficulty moving and swelling of the mouth . these symptoms can cause pain , redness , redness , swelling and swelling in a joint ( known as a gouty attack attack ).
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam actavis is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta teva contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . what a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler is used for a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler is used to treat the symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the airways around the airways tighten . this can help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . you should use this medicine to help prevent your asthma and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ).
nucala contains the active substance oral_corticosteroids , which belongs to a class of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . oral_corticosteroids is used to treat adults and children 6 years of age and older to treat active chronic ' s disease in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s immune system and reduce the number of flare - ups in your blood . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lungs ( the body ' s natural defences ) and - you have previously received a clinical type of medicines known as ' corticosteroids ' or ' corticosteroids '. ' ' s disease ' ( medicines that may help you to become ' s disease ) and - you have previously experienced a statin ( low levels of a statin that is not recommended for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease .
ninlaro is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance dexamethasone . lenalidomide is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called lenalidomide . lenalidomide accord is used to treat adult patients with multiple myeloma , a cancer of your bone marrow . lenalidomide accord can be given to you together with dexamethasone , dexamethasone , or dexamethasone . dexamethasone is also used for the treatment of multiple myeloma in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . lenalidomide accord can be used alone or with other medicines used to treat multiple myeloma . lenalidomide accord can be used together with another medicine called dexamethasone . dexamethasone will be used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine , lenalidomide will be administered in combination with dexamethasone and dexamethasone or with dexamethasone . dexamethasone is also used for the treatment of multiple myeloma in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . lenalidomide accord can be used alone or with other medicines used to dexamethasone .
palforzia is a treatment for children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old to prevent 4 weeks in adults and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with the following 17 types of treatment . treatment with treatment associated with treatment include treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine which belongs to a class of medicinal_products called benzodiazepine - oxygenase - 2 ( il - 1 ) inhibitors . what hypnotic_actions is used for hypnotic_actions is used to treat severe treatment of severe patients who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or when they are not previously treated with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or when they are not previously treated with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or when they are not previously treated with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or when they are not previously treated with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or when they are not previously treated with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or when they are not previously treated with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or when they are not previously treated with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or when they are not previously treated with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or when they are not previously treated with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or when they are not previously treated with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or when they are not previously treated with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or when they are not previously treated with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or when they are not previously treated with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or when they are not previously treated with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or when they are not previously treated with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or when they are not previously treated with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or when they are not previously treated with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or when they are not previously treated with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or when they are not previously treated with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or when they are not previously treated with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or when they are not previously treated with treatment with treatment .
