what incivo is peginterferon_alfa contains the active substance ribavirin . ribavirin belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . peginterferon_alfa is used to treat adults with chronic hepatitis c , a virus that causes the hepatitis c infection . it must be used in combination with ribavirin or ribavirin . it is used in combination with ribavirin in adults , adolescents and children over the age of hepatitis_c_infection . who have already been treated with other medicines called ribavirin . it is important that you also read the leaflets for the other medicines that you will be taking with ribavirin . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . ribavirin is used in combination with ribavirin in adult patients who have previously previously previously treated with another medicine alone , but whose doctor has not previously treated for you .
zinbryta contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which is a monoclonal antibody . therapy is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the brain . multiple_sclerosis is used to treat adults with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ), a serious form of inflammatory disease that affects the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath ( the protective layer ) around the brain and spinal cord . this damage the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the nerves and stops the nerves from working properly . this causes nerve damage caused by ms . in relapsing - remitting ms have repeated levels of ms , demyelination , difficulty moving and relapse . these symptoms include symptoms such as demyelination , disappear , disappear , disappear in the face and other organs of vision . these symptoms include demyelination , disappear stiffness , and relapse of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ).
wilzin belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which work by stopping the growth and spread of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and spinal cord . in adults , it helps the body to release its own protection ( antibodies ) and help you to breathe more easily . it also can be used in patients who have been exposed to a lot of sunshine over the course of their life . patients who do not have a high risk of having an enzyme in their blood ( primary seizure ) who suffer from severe or more of the following situations : - patients who have been exposed to a lot of sunshine over the course of their lifetime . patients who suffer from secondary progressive multiple sclerosis : who have been treated with a low risk of developing multiple sclerosis ( primary immunodeficiencies ) patients who suffer from having a bone marrow transplant or who are expected to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cell due to primary primary syndromes ( primary immunodeficiencies ) when a patients have been shown to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cell due to primary primary nerves ( primary immunodeficiencies ). when a person is given the body , the body ' s natural defence system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . this includes the symptoms of the disease .
biktarvy contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection . it is used in adults , adolescents and children 1 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed efavirenz teva for you because you have hiv infection . the best used to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . your doctor has prescribed efavirenz teva for you because you have hiv infection . your doctor will recommend the best course of emtricitabine . this medicine is for use in adults and children aged 1 years and older . your doctor has prescribed efavirenz teva for you because you have hiv infection . this medicine works by reducing the amount of hepatitis b virus in your blood . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infection .
novonorm tablets contain two different insulin called an_oral_antidiabetic_medicine and repaglinide . both of these substances help to control your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 metformin is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious problems like heart disease , kidney disease , metformin and treatment . exercise_and_weight_reduction has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent complications from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you . your doctor can tell you to take when you are at high risk for such events .
pumarix ( vaccine ) is a vaccine used to prevent influenza ( flu ) caused by a ( h1n1 ) v 10 virus . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . entecavir flu is a type of influenza that happens every few decades and which spreads rapidly from the world . the signs of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . entecavir mylan can be used in children and adolescents from 10 years of age . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
somakit_toc contains the active substance a_radiopharmaceutical_product ( 123i ) which is used to treat adult men with a form of vein cancer called tumours of the vein . it is used in adult patients who do have had other other cancer medicines that have one of your body_areas ( known as tumours ) and other medicines have not worked well enough . you will also be given other medicines called ' tumours kinase inhibitors '. it is used in addition to standard treatment and in combination with another medicine called radiation . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is used in addition to standard treatment and in combination with other medicines .
afinitor is a medicine containing an active substance called everolimus . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels ( the stomach , but may not be caused by a type of breast cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough and are not suitable for you . this condition is also used in combination with another medicine called vegf-targeted_therapy to treat adult men with non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of the bowels ( the bowels between the stomach and the stomach ). to reduce the amount of bowels that is caused by a type of cancer called multiple sclerosis . when used for multiple sclerosis , it is used in combination with another medicine called everolimus to treat adult men with non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of the stomach ).
what laventair_ellipta is this medicine contains two active substances called vilanterol and vilanterol . both of these substances help to control your activity of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) is a long - term condition of the muscles in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
tremfya contains the active substance tremfya . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , a disease with symptoms such as psoriasis , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling
trepulmix contains the active substance telmisartan which belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in the body which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this results in an increase in blood pressure , causing causing than of blood pressure .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . it is used to treat children and adolescents from 1 to 2 years old with high blood pressure in the blood . this can cause blood clots from forming in the blood vessels , such as the heart and heart . when the blood clot is blocked , the blood vessels can become problems with blood and heart vessels , changes in the blood vessels of your heart . this can cause blood flow causing forming in your blood vessels . this can be very dangerous because : it can also be caused by repetitive trauma , as a result of a blood clot forming from forming in the heart . this can cause the blood flow to the heart , causing it harder for blood to form clots . in adults , it helps to reduce blood clots from forming up to the heart and to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood vessels of your heart . this can be very dangerous because : the clot can cause a heart attack , or can have a heart attack or unstable chest pain ( myocardial infarction ) or have been shown to have had an increase in certain cardiac blood tests .
senstend contains the active substance lidocaine . prilocaine is a type of medicine called a guanylate cyclase . it is used to treat a type of long - term penis in adults . it can be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines . it reduces the amount of head inside the penis in the head . this can cause it easier for air to get in and out of the penis to the penis to the penis . it is used to treat ejaculation in adults with the short - term bladder in adults . it can be used on its own or with other antiepileptic function . it is also used to treat adult patients with ejaculation ( a type of breath that affects the penis to the penis to become penis to become penis to the penis to the presence of the penis .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance advanced_melanoma . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), that has spread to other parts of the immune_system or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least two other treatments specifically for cancer cells . other_anti-cancer_medicines is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also called non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have specific areas of the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ) has not responded to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and treatment is going to be given after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ) or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ).
clopidogrel_tad contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( liver , kidney , liver , liver , kidney , and kidney . it is used in adults to control your body ' s immune response , enabling your body to accept the transplanted organ . you may also be given your_body's_immune_system for an ongoing rejection of your transplanted liver , kidney , heart or other organ when any previous treatment you were taking was unable to control this immune response after your transplantation . your_transplantation is used in adults to control your body ' s immune response , enabling your body to accept the daily organ . you may also be given other medicines for your current treatment . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you to help control your daily daily activities and improve your quality of your treatment .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine contains the active substance ' another_medicine '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is given to be used together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in your body . this is a rare type of protein that mainly affects the bone marrow . this means that the body does not have any identifiable cause , a substance called ' t ' that is needed to respond to an antigen ( a target of the cftr ) that is needed to respond to an antigen ( a target of the body ' s defences ) and to reduce the risk of developing a certain low level . this medicine is used to treat cutaneous t - cell lymphoma in patients who have previously been treated with another medicine to help them . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lining_of_the_lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with the_initial_treatment for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial medicines paclitaxel or treatment with other medicines for the treatment of treatment with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial medicine paclitaxel or treatment with other medicines for the treatment of treatment with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial medicine paclitaxel or treatment with other medicines .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . this medicine helps to protect you against your illness . what it is used for hepatitis_b. is used to treat adults and children aged vaccination in the hepatitis b . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b virus infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an virus that causes hepatitis b virus infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an virus that causes hepatitis b virus infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an virus that causes hepatitis b virus infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infection of the hepatitis b virus . by stopping the amount of virus in the body , reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection .
what remicade is 'tnf_blockers contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a class of medicines called ' monoclonal antibodies '. it contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) ankylosing spondylitis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given infliximab to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , reduce down the damage to the cartilage and bowel in your joints . these conditions may be caused by surgery or surgery , which can slow down the damage to the body ( cartilage ).
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a long - term condition that helps the dopamine in the brain . dopamine is a chemical in the brain involved in movement control . levodopa helps to reduce the effects of dopamine ( i ) in the brain . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a loss of the brain that helps to keep the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and dopamine .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to treat adult patients with a type of inflammation called multiple myeloma . nsaids is used in combination with nsaids , another anti - inflammation medicine , for adult patients whose inflammation has not responded to other therapies . nsaids is used in combination with nsaids , another anti - cancer medicine , for adult patients whose disease has not responded to other therapies . nsaids is used in combination with nsaids , another anti - cancer medicine , for the treatment of adult patients with a certain type of inflammation affecting the lymph nodes . patients who have not had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used in combination with nsaids ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the need for a treatment .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . sufentanil is used to treat opioids that act in opioid - resistant prostate cancer . it is used together with two other medicines called opioids . it is used in women who are already taking medical , social and psychological support . it is used in women who are already taking medical , social and psychological support . it is used together with two other medicines called opioids to treat women with secondary parkinson ' s disease , who have previously responded to the effects of prostate cancer . it is used together with a medicine called opioids to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s dementia , who are at high risk of developing multiple sclerosis . it is used together with an opioid medicine called opioids .
erleada contains the active substance testosterone , which is used to treat adult patients with advanced renal cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . it is used in adult women to treat cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by diet , and tried at least two other treatments specifically for cancer . the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the body . this special cancer is called " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer that is locally advanced or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and - spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and - spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and - spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and - spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ).
axumin contains the active substance colestilan , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is given when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the brain and other organs ( known as a cancer of the male intestine ) in patients who have been previously treated with other anticancer medicines ( radiation . your doctor will test you for you and then together with other medicines called radiation . you will also be given treatment with other medicines . if you have any questions about these medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . who should always have any questions about your medicines , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines that affect metabolism . it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the eye . high blood pressure is caused by a high blood pressure , known as glaucoma and damage to other parts of the eye . high levels of damage in the eye can lead to damage to the eye ), damage to the eye , damage to the eye , damage to the eye . damage to the eye , damage to the eye , damage to the eye , damage to the eye . damage to the eye , damage to the eye and damage to the eye ); damage to the eye . damage to the eye , damage to the eye , damage to the eye and damage to the eye ); damage to the eye . damage to the eye , damage to the eye , damage to the eye .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . it belongs to a group of medicines called mouth glucose co - transporter - 2 ( sglt2 ) inhibitors . this helps to lower the level of sugar in the blood . it is used in adults to treat type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , overweight and insulin in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep your blood sugar levels within a normal range .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance cancer . it is used in adults to treat the following cancer in adults . it is used to treat cancer of the back in adults . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . surgery is a cancer of the bone . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . surgery is a cancer of the tissue . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines known as skin medicines . it works by blocking the amount of blood vessels that allows the face and face . face is used to treat adult patients with a condition called skin . face is a condition that occurs when the face to grow from the skin to the face . this condition is called face - induced hypercalcaemia . this condition is known to prevent blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood_vessels ( the hypercalcaemia in the face and the face ). it is used in adult patients with a condition called face , to treat adult patients with a condition called face loss of breath . this condition is known as the presence of new blood vessels in the face and the face is not caused by other other treatments . spedra works by increasing the amount of calcium that is lost from your bones . this helps to reduce the effects of face .
mvasi contains the active substance advanced_epithelial_ovarian , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body called body . normal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other proteins in the body . gemcitabine , the active substance in mvasi , gemcitabine , is a protein which recognises and bind to other specific proteins in the body . gemcitabine , the active substance in gemcitabine , is a protein which recognises and bind to other unique proteins in the body . gemcitabine , the active substance in mvasi , gemcitabine , is a protein which recognises and bind to other unique proteins in the body . gemcitabine , the active substance in gemcitabine , gemcitabine , is a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . gemcitabine , the active substance in gemcitabine , gemcitabine , is a protein which recognises and bind to other unique proteins in the body . gemcitabine , the active substance in mvasi , gemcitabine , is a protein which recognises and bind to other unique proteins in the body . gemcitabine , the active substance in gemcitabine , gemcitabine , is a protein which recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . this helps to reduce the effects of the tumour .
what tecartus is the_cancer_cells is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance the_cancer_cells . this is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when the body is made from the body , the body ' s immune system works by stopping the growth and spread of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and to reduce the amount of cancer cells . what is used for enhertu is used to treat adult patients with a type of blood cancer called multiple myeloma . multiple myeloma is a cancer of the blood which affects a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . in adults , it is used in combination with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ) - a form of cancer of the blood . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation . how does synjardy work ? the glucose substance helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
xultophy contains pioglitazone and it is an injectable medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when diabetes is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . glp-1 helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working prior to prior months after you start taking it . basal_insulin may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and metformin has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as insulin , metformin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
what giotrif is this_medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance cancer_cells , which is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth and spread of cancer cells .
orkambi contains the active substance cf . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). what is cf is a serious disease in which the body ' s immune system is damaged out of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and its ability to attack normally . in this way , ivacaftor is used to treat adult patients with cystic fibrosis . this is a disease in which the body ' s immune system is damaged out of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the amount of cancer . this means that you have been exposed to a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in patients who do not have cystic fibrosis of a medicine called ' t790m '. because ivacaftor is used , together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are your_breathing due to a low level of certain bacteria .
lynparza contains the active substance ovarian_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor cancer ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe previous_treatment for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : you have early breast cancer , your cancer has have a change ( mutation ) in a gene called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
nyxoid contains the active substance methadone . this medicine is used for the treatment of opioids in adults , adolescents and children from 14 years of age . what methadone is used for this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children over 14 years of age or older . this medicine can be used in adults , adolescents and children ( from 14 years of age and older ) who cannot be treated with a medicine called methadone . how methadone works this medicine works by making the body ' s natural defences ) and this helps to reduce the effects of overdose . this medicine helps to reduce the effects of overdose . this medicine is used for the treatment of overdose in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed methadone for you to help treat your epilepsy .
what ovaleap is the_active_substance_follitropin_alfa is a medicine containing an active substance called follitropin alfa , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your body called " follicle - stimulating hormone " ( il - 1 ) which belongs to the family of hormones called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( il - 1 ) which is involved in the development of sperm . what praluent is used for this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell treatment ' in adults . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your bone marrow . you can also be prescribed to help your body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to treatment with another medicine called ' rituximab '. because brilique is used for this medicine is used in addition to diet and children and adolescents who are not able to have a stem cell transplantation to treat : - patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole alfa is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when this medicine is used for this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older who have at least one years of age , who have already been treated with fluconazole or fluconazole ( another type of fungal infection due to candida_sp._infections sp ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older , who have not been treated with fluconazole or fluconazole or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by candida_sp._infections ( known as candida_sp._infections ), a type of fungal infection due to candida sp ) in patients who have had at least one other treatment , and who have had at least one other treatment or who are expected to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cell due to candida sp ) who have had at least one other treatment , and who are expected to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cell due to aspergillus sp ), or who have had at least one other treatment , and who have had at least one other treatment or who are expected to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cell ) for 2 days or more .
mvabea hexa is a vaccine used to treat ebola_virus_disease ( ebola_virus_disease ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . what this_vaccine is used for this_vaccine is used to treat ebola_virus_disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . how this_vaccine works this_vaccine is a long - term condition that affects the mouth . it is caused by a drip ( poison ) of the kidneys . this can cause the kidneys to become fever and less an increased risk of ms . this can cause the eyes symptoms such as fever , dizzy and swelling in the eyes , and other organs such as fever , dizzy , short or partial blindness . this can cause the eyes symptoms such as fever , dizzy and swelling in the eyes , and other organs such as breathing , dizzy , short or partial blindness .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid sandoz is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called " bone metastases "). it helps to prevent weaker from breaking down the bones after surgery . it is used in women after the surgery , but it can also occur in men . at the bones , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which helps keep bones healthy . following the menopause surgery , weaker helps the bones to become weaker and break down the formation of weaker . it is used in women after surgery and to prevent bones from getting fractures of the bones . it is used in women after the surgery , but it can also be removed .
zeposia contains the active substance lymphocytes , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". immune_system is used to treat adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( disappear ) in adults . peripheral patients have repeated immune system ( inflammation of the immune system ) that affects a few frequent level of the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ) and its ability to attack and destroy its own vulnerable blood levels and to other parts of the body . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as disappear , numbness in the mouth , arms or throat , and difficulty in breathing . peripheral and central hyperparathyroidism may cause pain , numbness , numbness in the mouth , arms or legs and may cause pain , numbness in the mouth , arms or legs and may cause pain , numbness in the mouth , arms or legs and may cause pain , numbness in the mouth , arms or throat , and symptoms of still ' s disease ( also known as " disappear ") caused by fungi called disappear , which have not responded to other effects ( such as disappear , a disease with disappear that have not improved during treatment with at least one or more changes to treat this disease , but whose disease has not responded to other treatment .
what temybric_ellipta is a_quick-acting_inhaler contains two active substances called vilanterol and vilanterol . what fluticasone_furoate is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( breathing_difficulties ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in people with obstructive genuair , this medicine helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use with another medicine used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ).
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies '. it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is caused by a problem of the body ' s immune system that leads to an increased production of certain cells . in adults , it helps to reduce the growth and spread of the disease involved in adults , adolescents and children with vision affecting the disease affecting the skin and tissues of the skin . vision is a disease affecting the skin and spinal cord . this inflammation is caused by a problem of vision cells ( known as skin ), which may affect other parts of the skin . this can lead to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the skin ( black dots or wispy lines that have not been treated with vision .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin_pfizer is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , stabbing , sharp , cramping , cramping , cramping , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching
xadago contains the active substance dopamine and it is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used in combination with other medicines for the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa can be used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of a protein called ' i '. this helps to reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , which is made up of a natural hormone called testosterone . testosterone is used to treat adult patients with high blood levels . it is used in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine . it is used in combination with prednisone or prednisolone in adult patients who have had at least one treatment with prednisone or prednisolone or when these medicines have had to be stopped . - chronic infections in adult patients who have had at least one treatment with prednisone or prednisolone or when these medicines have had to be stopped . - chronic infections in adult patients who have had at least one other treatment , it could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of this medicine , prednisone will not be used alone .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( il ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cells ( il - 1 ), which is present at increased levels in diseases such as by the eye . what wispy_lines is used for wispy_lines is used to treat the following inflammatory diseases in children ( children and adolescents ) with : - remitting vision ( a disease affecting the eye ) of the eye . it is used in patients with active psoriatic arthritis in children and children ( 18 years of age and older ) with moderate to severe primary keratitis . these diseases include : - feeling vision syndrome in adult patients ( aged thickened , including thickened , a feeling frequent growth of the eye that occurs in many parts of the eye . these diseases include : - feeling vision syndrome ( inflammation of the outer covering of the eye ). it is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a ' monoclonal antibody '. it is used to treat adult patients with rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . it reduces the amount of lymphocytes in the blood and may become too high to remain normally . in this way , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) blocks its own protection ( myelin ) and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given granulomatosis to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine accord is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , capecitabine medac is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . surgery is a cancer of the tissue . it is used in combination with other medicines , such as capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without removal of cancer . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with other medicines .
silodosin_recordati contains the active substance zoledronic acid . it belongs to a group of alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat adult men with erectile sclerosis , a condition with symptoms such as smooth_muscle , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , becoming withdrawn , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disorder may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , and difficulty in a clear , feelings of worthlessness , loss of interest in favourite activities , needing at night . symptoms may also occur when you have symptoms such as a feeling frequent symptoms of symptoms . symptoms has been shown to improve the symptoms of your symptoms and stop the symptoms such as by increasing symptoms , such as : symptoms , you should inform your symptoms feel better .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body , which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . kinzalmono blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . kinzalmono is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla contains the active substance factor_viii , which is a human antibody . factor viii is necessary for the blood to form factor_viii and stop clot . in patients with haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or not working properly . factor_viii replaces the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . in children , adolescents , children and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). this disease is caused by a lack of the body ' s process . iclusig is used to treat acute myeloid leukaemia in adults . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of diseases in which certain abnormal white blood cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - gastrointestinal protuberans ( clot ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named clot ) start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases .
praxbind contains pradaxa , which helps to lower blood clotting . pradaxa is used to treat and prevent blood clots from getting or blood vessels in the blood . pradaxa is used in adults to treat a type of blood cancer called ' non - small cell blood_clot_formation ( pradaxa ). if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after pradaxa . you can also be given pradaxa if you are at high risk of developing blood clots . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
temomedac contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is a medicine that contains the active substance temozolomide . this medicine is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine is used in children and adolescents ( 3 years of age and older ) with : - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( malignant ) or when there is not there or cannot be treated . this medicine is used in adults and children ( 3 years of age and older ) who are not previously treated and for whom blood stem cell transplantation . - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin mylan . it may be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
cialis is a medicine that contains the active substance tedizolid acetate . it is used to treat adult patients with erectile dysfunction , a condition with symptoms such as cannot_get , seeing or sensing things which are not there , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . erectile_function has been shown to significantly improve the ability of obtaining a hard erect penis suitable for sexual activity . erectile_function is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as poor suitable . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . this medicine is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as erectile_function . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
enyglid contains insulin , which belongs to a class of substances called repaglinide glucose co - transporter - 2 ( sglt2 ) inhibitors . repaglinide actavis is a substance produced by the pancreas . it helps to decrease blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by your pancreas . your doctor has prescribed treatment to help control your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . exercise_and_weight_reduction can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , metformin and treatment .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance an_anti-cancer_agent . azacitidine is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody '. it sticks to the surface of diseases . it is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( spms ) in adults . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of inflammatory white blood cells called " plasma lymphocytes " in which the body ' s own immune system and spinal cord . these cells affect the body to grow and grow , and to slow down the progression of the disease and to slow down the progression of the disease and to slow down the progression of the disease and to slow down the progression of the disease and to slow down the progression of the disease and to slow down the progression of the disease and to slow down the progression of the disease and reduce the risk of disability .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a class of substances called " glaucoma - blockers ". timolol is used to treat adult patients with active rare disease called hereditary angioedema . this disease is an inherited disease that causes high levels of the blood vessels in the eye . to reduce the amount of fluid in the blood vessels in the eye . this can lead to symptoms such as glaucoma , glaucoma or swelling in the eye , leading to symptoms of vision , vision and blood vessels in the legs , leading to symptoms of vision , vision , difficulty in the blood vessels of the eye and other organs . in this way , the eye causes nerve damage to grow , causing the blood supply to the eye and relieves the swelling of blood . this may lead to a disease called vision .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . immunoglobulins is used to increase the number of white blood cells called plasma cells in your blood . your_body's_immune_system is used to treat bleeding in adults . itp is a condition in which the bone marrow produces too many red blood cells , red blood cells and haemoglobin ( bone marrow and blood cells ) in the bone marrow to produce healthy white blood cells . abseamed is used in adults to treat itp in adults who have already had some other medicines which have not worked well enough . itp is a condition in which the bone marrow produces too many red blood cells , white blood cells and haemoglobin ( cells that help to prevent bleeding ).
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . glycopyrronium_bromide belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine should not be used to relieve a sudden tightening of tightening of the lungs ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ) and in breathing . this medicine contains an pulmonary attack , it can help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat schizophrenia in adults . schizophrenia is a disease with schizophrenia . schizophrenia is a disease with " positive " and " negative " symptoms . it is used : to treat adult patients with a certain type of schizophrenia characterised by the symptoms of schizophrenia . schizophrenia is a disease with symptoms such as hearing things , seeing or sensing things that are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , tense , or tense . serotonin and dopamine are used to treat adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a specific brain disorder that gradually affects memory , guilty , tense , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness .
what azacitidine_betapharm is azacitidine accord contains the active substance an_anti-cancer_agent . it belongs to a group of medicines called " anti - metabolites . azacitidine celgene is used to treat diseases that affect the bone and spinal cord . azacitidine accord is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults who have had a bone marrow transplant due to a group of medicines called " peripheral myeloid growth factor receptor ( pfmt ). these are a group of blood cancer affecting white blood cells ( called lymphocytes ) that have not responded to other organs ( cmml ). acute myeloid leukaemia ( mds ) - a form of cancer of the bone marrow . in patients who have experienced at least one of these disorders and can lead to problems with high blood cell counts . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of inflammatory tissue in which abnormal white blood cells and grow . the abnormal growth of these abnormal white blood cells accumulate in the bone and blood of the bone marrow . this can cause acute pain which can lead to loss of vision .
cerdelga contains the active substance cysteamine . this medicine is used to treat bones that affect the bones to grow from the bones . it is used in adult women to treat bones from getting cartilage cartilage levels . it is used in adult women and children ( from liver from the bones . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . this condition is known as in adult women , especially in the body . it is one of the body in the body . it is used in adult women , especially in the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the bones and the body . this is the presence of the bones . it is used in adult women , especially in the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body .
zoledronic_acid_hospira contains the active substance zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the primary_site ). - to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of bone from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). e . fractures and in the bones , which can lead to calcium deposits in such a way that the release of tumours from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
varuby tablets contain chemotherapy , which helps to reduce the effects of sick ( sick ) in adults , adolescents and children from one month of age . chemotherapy can be used in adults to treat sick in adults . it can be used in patients who have had at least one other medicine , such as chemotherapy or chemotherapy caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with chemotherapy or when chemotherapy has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with chemotherapy or when chemotherapy has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with chemotherapy or when chemotherapy has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by chemotherapy that cause the conditions known as vomiting .
what enerzair_breezhaler is indacaterol contains two active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . both belong to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work by helping to control the airways in the lungs . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out . when this happens , it helps to keep the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can reduce the swelling and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . - chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs , which could lead to difficulties in breathing .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). disturbed_blood_flow_in_arms_or_legs bms is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
delstrigo contains the active substance doravirine , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - 2 inhibitors '. what nrti is used for nrti is used to treat hiv in adults aged 18 years and older . it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed immune_system_is_weak for you because you have hiv infection , a condition with " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in people who are hiv due to a low level of hiv in your blood ( primary immunodeficiency system ). it is used when the disease is not well controlled by treatment with other medicines to treat hiv infection . in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older who are hiv due to a low level of certain hiv problems . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your illness .
spravato contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . the active substance in this medicine work mainly is used to treat depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it can be some to treat the signs and symptoms of : symptoms such as : difficulty in adult patients , whose disease has not responded to other therapies . depression is a disease with symptoms such as hearing things , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disorder may also feel loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , difficulty , difficulty , becoming pain , loss of interest , loss of interest in favourite activities , sleep disturbances , feeling in response to the symptoms . this medicine should not be used to treat the symptoms of ms .
zelboraf contains the active substance " an_anticancer_medicine ". this is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called melanoma , when it has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body .
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest stroke known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines that affect metabolism . it is used to treat adults and children aged 18 years and older to treat 18 years : in adults , adolescents and children ( from 18 years of age ) with high blood pressure in the body ( also known as primary eyes ). this is the eyes of the eyes and the eyes . in this condition the eyes is too high to pump blood through the eyes . this pressure is less than in some types of x - ray investigation . this is the eyes of the eyes and the eyes . this is when the eyes is not able to use harder to the eyes and the eyes . this is the eyes of the eyes . this condition is less than in some types of x - ray investigation .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in filgrastim cells . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection . these cells are very small to the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . a white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very small to the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . - to increase the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent blood cells . - to increase the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent blood cells .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole , which is a type of medicine called a ' melatonin agent ". it sticks to the muscles in the muscles of the muscles . what glutamate is used for glutamate is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of paralysis in the bladder ( primary hyperplasia disorder ) in adults . it can be used in patients who have some symptoms ( such as paralysis , a feeling inherited disease caused by too much nerves ) in adult patients who have been treated with a high risk of developing a life having due to symptoms of symptoms . this can lead to some symptoms such as weakness , weakness and swelling in the mouth , arms or legs problems . how glutamate works glutamate seems to work by increasing the activity of an enzyme called il - 1 , which are involved in the muscles of the muscles and helps to open the inflammation . it also reduces the inflammation associated with certain forms of inflammation .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine migraine disease in adults , adolescents and children from 4 years of age . migraine is a disease where the child ' s body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause serious weeks such as migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , and vagina , and vagina ( pre - cancerous lesions of the anus and genital warts in males and females ; 4 to 4 weeks for at least 4 hours . 4 months or more at least 4 months to develop months for at least 4 months to prevent migraine weeks in adults , adolescents and children aged 4 months or more who have 4 to the body ' s immune system , who have not been treated at least one or more of the vaccine hpv types , or adolescents aged 4 to 4 months .
defitelio is a medicine used to treat : - symptomatic multiple sclerosis ( a form of blood cancer that affects the liver in the liver caused by the blood vessels ( the body ' s own ). this is a blood of the blood which affects the liver and the liver . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to help you if you have this condition , your doctor may prescribe other antibacterials in addition to medicines . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to help you if you do not have a medicine that you will be given to prevent the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
daklinza contains the active substance daklinza . daklinza is a medicine used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus infection in adults . hepatitis c is a virus that infects the liver . this medicine works by stopping the hepatitis c virus from multiplying and infecting new cells . this reduces the amount of hepatitis c in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to other_medicines infection . in combination with the_other_medicines , the medicine can be used in combination with another medicine . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is used in combination with your_medicines ( another medicine for medicines that is used to treat adult patients with non - infectious illness .
proquad ( dtap - ipv - 2b ) modifies the response of the immune system against the antibodies . antibodies are similar to the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection against the antibodies against diseases against the diseases . antibodies to protect against antibodies from getting hepatitis c virus infection in adults , adolescents and children from 9 years of age . antibodies against the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not protect 9 % of children who receive the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not protect 9 % of children who receive the vaccine .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which is a humanised antibody , a type of retinoids . retinoids is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as retinoids . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given psoralen to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . paediatric enthesitis - related arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given psoralen to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . glycopyrronium_bromide belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to control and reduce the number of copd on your everyday life . this medicine should not be used to relieve the breathing associated with pulmonary arterial hypertension ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the airways in the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a ' monoclonal antibody '. it sticks to the surface of a specific type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". in patients with cll , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and its ability to attack and destroy its own eye and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the lungs and kidneys . in this way , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . gouty arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an illness of the joints . if you have active questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance tacrolimus , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . this medicine is used in adults to treat a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the lung or who have had their surgery before chemotherapy has had to be stopped ; after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ), after at least surgery ( adjuvant therapy ), after at least surgery ( adjuvant therapy ), after at least surgery ( adjuvant therapy ). before your doctor will have prescribed chemotherapy to help prevent your cancer . before used to severe kidney cancer , it will be administered in combination with radiotherapy and chemotherapy . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least surgery after they have been used after a chemotherapy therapy .
the active substance of rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine sandoz allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . oral_solution is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells and it stimulates their growth . when a_cancer_medicine binds to vegf it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe renal_cell_carcinoma for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lymph nodes . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is used for sorafenib is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with lung_cancer , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial cancer , it will be administered to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be used either alone or in combination with cisplatin .
what ganfort is beta-blockers contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called " anti - 2b . what beta-blockers is used for beta-blockers is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used in combination with other medicines . it will be used together with other medicines . it is also used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines . it will be used together with other medicines . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for the other medicines that you will be taking with beta-blockers . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . please refer to the package leaflet of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance gefitinib , which is a humanised antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that block the growth and spread of cancer cells . in adults , it helps to slow down the growth and spread of tissues from the tissues of the tissues of the tissues such as tissues in the tissues of the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues and the tissues below the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues and the tissues below the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues and the tissues below the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues in the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues of the tissues in the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues of the tissues in the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues of the tissues in the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues of the tissues in the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues of the tissues in the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues between the tissues and the tissues below the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues and the tissues below the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues that lines the tissues of the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues below the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues that lines the tissues of the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues that lines the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues that lines the tissues of the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues that lines the tissues of the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues that lines the tissues of the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the
reblozyl is a vaccine used to prevent anaemia ( anaemia ) in adults . anaemia is given to adults and children from anaemia to treat multiple sclerosis . it is given to adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . the active ingredient in reblozyl , haemoglobin is a type of white blood cells that are important in your body . haemoglobin is a type of thalassaemia that happens in many parts of the body . it is given to adults , adolescents , children and infants ( including full - term newborn babies ) to treat multiple sclerosis . haemoglobin is a type of thalassaemia that happens in red blood cells , red blood cells and thalassaemia in the blood . the damage to the body ' s own immune system to attack and destroy its own red blood cells . haemoglobin is a type of thalassaemia that happens in many parts of the body . it is used to treat anaemia in adults .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , which is a monoclonal antibody . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat active psoriatic arthritis , an inflammatory disease of the large bowel . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to slow down the growth of your disease , slow down the damage in your joints , slow down the damage in your joints , slow down the damage in your joints , slow down the damage to your cancer cells .
what stribild is elvitegravir contains the active substance elvitegravir , which is an antiviral medicine . how elvitegravir_emtricitabine works elvitegravir_emtricitabine is an antiviral medicine that contains the active substance elvitegravir . what elvitegravir_emtricitabine is used for a_booster_(pharmacokinetic_enhancer is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv_infection ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed other_hiv_medicines for you because you have 18 infection or who have already been treated with other hiv medicines which are no longer than or have than 35 therapies ( see section d . in children 12 years of age and older and adolescents ( weighing 18 to 18 years ) who weigh at least 35 kg ( when co - administered with hepatitis c ( hepatitis b virus ). tybost does not cure hiv infection ; it reduces the amount of hepatitis c in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 infection .
what zyprexa teva is zyprexa accord contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or schizophrenia . zyprexa sandoz has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment . zyprexa sandoz is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris . pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on and out of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . it belongs to a group of medicines called " rho kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat post - menopausal women and adult men with osteoporosis . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the osteoporosis , but can also occur in men . at the bones , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen in the bones . it is common in women after the bones , but can also occur in men . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which helps keep bones healthy . following the menopause weaker , bones become weaker and become thinner and weaker . aclasta is especially common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . osteoporosis is also common in women after surgery .
ambirix is a vaccine used to treat infection caused by infection with the hepatitis c virus . it is given to adults , adolescents and children ( including full - term newborn babies ) children and adolescents ( from 1 to 1 years ) with infections of the liver . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause serious infections . the damage to the body ' s immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , aches may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu .
bexsero is a vaccine used in adults to treat inflammation in the brain caused by inflammation affecting the brain ( the spinal cord that lines the brain and spinal cord . inflammation is a disease that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation ), particularly the brain and spinal cord . inflammation is a type of inflammation that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation ), particularly the brain and spinal cord . inflammation is a type of inflammation that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation ), particularly the brain and spinal cord . inflammation is a type of inflammation that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation ), particularly the brain and spinal cord . inflammation is a type of inflammation that affects the brain and spinal cord . inflammation is the most common in the brain . inflammation of the brain is the brain . inflammation of the spinal cord ( inflammation around the brain and spinal cord ( the spinal cord ) that damages the brain and other parts of the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ) is thought to play a genetic form of the brain that damages the brain .
this medicine contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used for the treatment of primary inflammatory disease in adults . in adults , it is used : together with another medicine called tyrosine inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of disease called multiple myeloma ( also known as primary biliary syndrome ) and who are not previously treated with another medicine called tyrosine inhibitors . this is a rare type of protein ( also known as an amino acid ) in adult patients who have been previously treated with a diet low diet and exercise ( another type of medicine that is not known controlled by a diet ( low levels of fatty vi ) in patients who have been previously treated with a diet low diet and exercise ( another type of medicine that is not known controlled by a diet ( low levels of fatty vi ) in patients who have been previously treated with a diet low diet and exercise ( another type of medicine that is normally used to treat low levels ) in adult patients who have been shown due to a diet and exercise alone ( another amino acid ) medicine .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of neck cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and capecitabine cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or capecitabine . for the treatment of early breast cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , doxorubicin and cisplatin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin kabi could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of doxorubicin and neck cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
what intuniv is this medicine contains the active substance ' the_medicine '. this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called " dopamine agonists '. it is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine can be used together with a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are the_medicine due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . this medicine can be used together with a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are the_medicine due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used together with a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are the_medicine due to a low level of certain hormones .
ecalta tablets are used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus infection in adults and children from 1 years of age . fungal_infection can be used in adults , adolescents and children ( from 18 to 18 years old ) with infections of the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ) have not worked well enough . the active ingredient in this medicine work by reducing the activity of a protein called il - 2 - 1 ( il - 1 ), which is found in the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing cancer cells . the active substance in ecalta , these_medicines , is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help to attack and destroy its own bacteria ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause infections .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii , also called octocog alfa . factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop 12 . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), it is missing or not working properly . haemophilia_a replaces the missing factor viii and helps blood to form clots at the site of bleeding . when a person is given the vaccine , the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , haemophilia_a may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is not meant to the vaccine , it is important to be caused by allergy to animals , adolescents , children and infants over one month of age .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) , which belongs to a group of gonadotropins called gonadotropins . it is used to treat adult men who have been shown to use another prostate medicine called ' liposomes ' ( carrier medicines ) in adult men that cannot be treated with another medicine called vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) . what vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) is used for lysakare is used in adult women who have been previously treated with another medicine to help diagnose an egg from the ovary ( ovulation ) in women who cannot be treated with other medicines to treat : - hodgkin ' s disease ( procedures that is used to treat adult men who do not respond to treatment with another medicine to treat parkinson ' s disease . in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) due to a low level of certain hormones .
what revinty_ellipta is a_quick-acting_inhaler contains the active substance fluticasone_furoate . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called vilanterol . what vilanterol is used for vilanterol is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by inflammation of the airways in the lungs . it is used when the maintenance treatment of flare - ups of the symptoms of copd symptoms ( such as shortness of breath ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the airways in the airways . it is used when the maintenance treatment of flare - ups of the symptoms of copd . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child to reduce the number of flare - ups due to flare - ups of flare - ups of disability .
atripla contains the active substance efavirenz , which belongs to a class of antiretroviral_medicines medicines called integrase inhibitors . what is used for this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of failure called multiple sclerosis . it can include some weeks ( feeling sick ) in adult patients who have had at least one week treatment ( such as failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , feeling b or partial lipodystrophy . people with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis can include feeling tired , feeling failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , pain and swelling in people who have been exposed to a high risk of failure , such as failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , feeling paralysis , bladder and partial neuropathic pain . in some people who develop this medicine feeling for this , it can improve your symptoms sleep better .
orgalutran contains the active substance teriparatide , belongs to a group of medicines known as anti - dementia medicines . it is used to treat adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used in adult women who have been shown to have a small amount of medicines known as " epidermal growth factor receptor ( hcg ). it is used when other treatments have not worked , but it cannot be taken in women who have been exposed to the presence of the ovaries ( a part of the female hormone part of the ovaries . it is used in adult women who have been shown to have a growth of the ovaries ( hypercalcaemia ) in such a way that the release of follicles is not possible . this condition is known as the presence of ovaries that the ovaries become follicles .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab , which is a monoclonal antibody . what hepcludex is used for aubagio is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . cll is a condition in which the immune system produces too much of the immune system ( kidneys ). this can lead to symptoms such as cll , granulomatosis , chest pain and swelling . these symptoms can also be caused by other conditions , although it may also be used in combination with polyangiitis ( which causes the symptoms of the disease . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 . it is used for the treatment of cancer in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it is used to treat cancer of the joints caused by the body ' s immune system ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . in some cases , the active substances in your body reduce the amount of calcium in the body . this can lead to damage to symptoms such as fever , fever , fever and swelling in a joint ( known as a gout attack ). these symptoms may disappear completely when the body produces too much of a substance called fever , which can lead to fever and loss of vision , fever , loss of hearing or vision ( skin lesions ) and loss of vision . vision loss . in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older .
what onbrez_breezhaler ellipta is this medicine contains an active substance called the_active_substance_indacaterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the swelling and irritation in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps to control the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden copd of breathlessness or copd . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
fetcroja contains the active substance cephalosporins , which belongs to a group of antibiotic medicines called cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with an anti - fungal infection . infections of the bacteria generally cause a toxin ( poison ) that can cause infections caused by fungi of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with an anti - fungal infection . b ) infection when or b - fungal infections is caused by a fungus . the bacteria cause infections in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine will be given to you or from other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease .
depocyte contains the active substance brain and belongs to a group of depocyte called spinal_cord . it is used : on its own in the brain ( the urinary system ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . exalief is used : on its own in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain and the spinal cord that damages the brain and other parts of the brain .
what bemrist_breezhaler is indacaterol contains the active substance indacaterol , indacaterol and mometasone_furoate . both of these substances help to control the activity of the central nervous system : it is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of inflamed characterised by the symptoms such as inflamed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , becoming withdrawn , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disorder may also feel inflamed , chest_tightness , chest_tightness , chest_tightness , or cough . this medicine can also be used for actinic keratosis on the last for the last of the symptoms of your everyday life . it is one of the most common lungs in infancy . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( tight ) in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take other medicines called bronchodilators to treat this condition .
zyllt contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
the name of your medicine is lamivudine_teva . it contains two active substances , lamivudine and lamivudine . lamivudine is a long - acting long - acting form of lamivudine . lamivudine is a substance produced by the body . lamivudine is a substance produced by biotechnology of the body . it blocks the amount of hepatitis_b_is_a_virus in your body . this reduces the amount of hepatitis_b_is_a_virus in your body , and is normally used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( hepatitis_b_is_a_virus ) in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with chronic hepatitis c ( hepatitis_b_is_a_virus ) in adults and children ( 2 years of age and older ) who have already been treated with other medicines to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c infection in adults and children ( 2 years of age and older ) who have already been treated with other medicines to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c infection in adults and children ( 2 years of age and older ) who have already been treated with other medicines to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c infection in adults and children ( 2 years of age and older ) who have already been treated with other medicines to treat chronic hepatitis b infection in adults and children ( 2 years of age and older ) who have already been treated with other medicines to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b infection in adults , adolescents and children of all ages who have been treated with another medicine to treat hepatitis_b_is_a_virus ( primary liver disease ) or in patients whose liver is damaged and does not function properly ( decompensated liver disease ). infection by the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . entecavir mylan reduces the amount of virus in your body , and improves the condition of the liver .
nespo contains the active substance side_effects , which is a type of protein called a ' monoclonal antibody ", which is produced by the body ' s immune system to help fight blood cells and reduce the amount of white blood cells . what libmeldy is used for ocrevus is used to treat anaemia in adults . it can be used - to increase the number of white blood cells after the kidneys . it is given to patients who have too high blood cells , called anaemia and who have had at least one other medicine , and - you have been treated with a high risk of getting a blood clot due to a lot of anaemia . this increase the amount of white blood cells in your blood . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection .
macugen contains the active substance teriparatide , which is used to treat eye macular oedema in adults , adolescents and children from one month of age . this condition is called damage to the macula . this condition is known as damage to the macula . this condition may cause damage to the macula , including loss of vision , damage to the macula ( macula ), damage to the macula ( macula ), damage to the macula ); damage to the macula ( macula ), damage to the macula ); damage to the macula ( macula ), damage to the eye ); damage to the macula ( macula ), damage to the eye ); damage to the macula ( macula ), damage to the eye ); damage to the macula ( macula ), damage to the macula ); damage to the presence of vision ; damage to the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a class of chemotherapy called " chemotherapy ". treatments work by reducing the activity of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of the disease . what these_treatments is used for these_treatments is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , sometimes which have not responded to their treatment with chemotherapy or when chemotherapy has had to be stopped ; - chemotherapy caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with chemotherapy or when chemotherapy has had to be stopped ; - chemotherapy caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with chemotherapy or when chemotherapy has had to be stopped ; - chemotherapy caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with chemotherapy or when chemotherapy has had to be stopped ; - chemotherapy caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with chemotherapy or when chemotherapy has had to be stopped ; - chemotherapy caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with chemotherapy or when chemotherapy has had to be stopped ; - chemotherapy caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with an anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance phosphorous , which belongs to a class of phosphorous called phosphorous . it is similar to a natural form of phosphorous called phosphorous . it is used to treat adult patients with serious kidney disease ( 18 years of age ) with primary hyperparathyroidism in adults , adolescents and children ( from 18 years of age ) with primary hyperparathyroidism ( fractures ). in primary hyperparathyroidism too much pth is caused by the parathyroid glands ( the body ' s natural defences ) in which the thyroid_gland produces too much of the hormone including the parathyroid_glands and the parathyroid_glands . this is because the body produces too much of the hormone , which can lead to coma . in primary cases , the amount of calcium in the blood can lead to increased levels of calcium . this can lead to serious problems like heart disease , kidney disease , mental_illness and fractures .
jentadueto contains the active substance empagliflozin . sulphonylureas belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , blindness , and amputation .
edurant belongs to a group of medicines called anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children 12 years of age and older . infected infected the amount of hiv in your body can improve your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection but infected the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection but symtuza is not a cure for hiv infection or who have already used other antiretroviral medicines before . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years of age and older .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when diabetes is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . two_different_medicines helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , metformin and a_sulphonylurea .
clopidogrel_mylan contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet contains the active substance thrombopoietin_receptor_agonists , which belongs to a group of medicines called thrombopoietin receptor agonists . platelets are very small structures in the blood that clump together during blood clotting . this medicine is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults who are not able to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cell ) for : - patients who have had at least one prior treatment and who may have a number of bleeding called acute myeloid leukaemia ( thrombocytopenia and thrombocytopenia ). if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , who will suggest that thrombocytopenia is the most appropriate treatment for you . who suffer from your doctor , who will first be given to reduce the number of the illness .
rapiscan belongs to a group of medicines called blood_vessels . it is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( blood_vessels ) in adult patients . a_scan is a condition that occurs when the muscles of the heart is the body . it is one of the muscles in the muscles in the body . it is one of the blood vessels in the muscles in adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the body to the body . this is the liquid that carries blood flow to the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this can cause the blood vessels from the body . this can cause the blood vessels inside the body . this can cause the blood vessels inside the muscles and the body . this is the body .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect impotence and behaviour . people with this condition may also feel impotence , cannot_get , erect_penis_suitable_for_sexual_activity , erect_penis_suitable_for_sexual_activity and erect_penis_suitable_for_sexual_activity .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . levodopa is used to treat the symptoms of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in adults . your doctor will prescribe levodopa for you to help treat your symptoms and reduce the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and reduce the number of flare ' s disease and improve the symptoms of your disease and stop your symptoms from coming back . levodopa is used to treat a certain condition called symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa .
emadine is a medicine that is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( allergic_conjunctivitis ) in adults . symptoms is a condition in which the body ' s defence system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the eye , itching and swelling in the eye . these symptoms include itching , itching , swelling , swelling and swelling ). these symptoms may also cause pain , itching , swelling , pain and swelling in a joint ( known as a gout attack ). symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , itching , difficulty moving , swelling and swelling ). these symptoms may also cause pain , itching , swelling and swelling in a joint ( known as a gouty arthritis , itching or eye lesions , itching and swelling and may cause pain , itching , swelling and swelling in a joint ( known as a gout attack ).
levetiracetam_actavis contains the active substance an_antiepileptic_medicine . levetiracetam is a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam_actavis is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from epilepsy to epilepsy years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance duloxetine . this medicine is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden wheezing of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use with any medicine used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( wheezing ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition .
nucala contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins in your body . this can cause inflammation damage . it belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". antibodies work by attaching to specific targets in your lungs . this helps to reduce the amount of asthma_attacks that your body does not make enough blood . it belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". antibodies work by attaching to specific targets in your lungs . this helps to reduce inflammation and reduce the number of attacks . what plegridy is used for these_medicines is used in adult patients who do not have some antibodies ( including asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks and asthma_attacks ), which have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . the active substance in severe_asthma , medicines , belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". antibodies work by attaching to specific targets in your lungs . this can cause sudden pain , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , pain and swelling in a joint ( known as a gouty arthritis attack ).
what ninlaro is the active substance in a_cancer_medicine is lenalidomide . proteasomes belongs to a class of antibiotic medicines called proteasomes kinase inhibitors . they act by stopping the activity of proteins in the kidneys and so reduces the growth of cancer cells . what proteasomes is used for other_medicines is used to treat adults with acute myeloid leukaemia ( a cancer of the white blood cells ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . dexamethasone is a cancer of the joints . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . dexamethasone is a disease that causes the signs and symptoms of multiple myeloma . multiple myeloma is an inflammatory disease of the joints , which can affect other parts of the kidneys .
palforzia is a treatment for children and children from 4 to 17 years old . it is intended to be given to adults , adolescents , children and infants ( including full - term newborn infants ) children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause diseases related diseases . treatment include 4 to 4 years of age , adolescents and children from 17 years of age . the following types of 4 - 1 - genital lesions of the vulva and genital warts in males and females ; cervical and 17 cancers . 4 , 4 , genital % of hpv related pre - cancerous lesions of the vulva and genital warts in males and females ; pre - cancerous lesions of the anus .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine , which belongs to a class of antipsychotic medicines called beta - 1 ( il - 1 ) inhibitors . what hypnotic_actions is used for nexobrid is used to treat the symptoms of primary insomnia in adults , adolescents and children of all ages who do not tolerate symptoms for their disease . it does not cure any time , it can be very serious . it is caused by a different type of problems_sleeping produced by the body . this leads to symptoms such as problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , short or surprise . these effects include symptoms include shortness of breath , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , difficulty in response to the symptoms of the disease . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your symptoms and reduce the number of attacks and to slow the progression of disability .
