incivo belongs to a class of medicines called antiviral inhibitors . it contains the active substance ribavirin . ribavirin biopartners stops the multiplication of the hepatitis c virus . ribavirin biopartners must not be used without ribavirin infection . ribavirin biopartners must not be used alone . previously untreated patients : the combination of ribavirin biopartners with ribavirin is used to treat chronic hepatitis b , a viral infection of the hepatitis b . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat chronic hepatitis b , who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv infection ). previously untreated patients : the combination of ribavirin biopartners with ribavirin is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to a hcv infection with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition was recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zinbryta belongs to a group of zinbryta called zinbryta . what demyelination is used for demyelination is used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . demyelination is often used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ) that damages the brain and spinal cord . ms is often used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) that affects ms . ms is often used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) that damages the brain and spinal cord . ms is often used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) that damages the brain and spinal cord . demyelination is used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( demyelination ) in patients who have had at least one other treatment for ms . ms has been shown to slow down the number and symptoms of the illness and spinal cord . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting ms is ms caused by inflammation of the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ). this limits nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting ms is inflammation of the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ). this limits nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting ms is inflammation of the spinal nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ) that damages your immune system and spinal cord .
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called " liver medicines ". it is used to treat liver_damage in adults . it belongs to a group of medicines called " liver medicines ". it is used to treat liver_damage in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) whose body does not have enough antibodies ( antibodies ) to control the amount of liver_damage in the blood ( the body ' s natural defences ). in people with liver_damage , the small substances ( the body ' s natural defences ) less less less types in the brain . this can lead to serious medical problems in your body . this can lead to serious problems of heart failure .
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and above . hiv is the virus that causes acquired immune deficiency ( aids ). infection is used to treat hiv in adults and adolescents aged 1 years to less than 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed infection for you because you are hiv infection . hiv is the virus that your immune system ( your body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , hiv may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . your doctor has prescribed isentress for you because you are at high risk for developing hiv infection .
novonorm contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when repaglinide is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . repaglinide krka helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether the_insulin is working 2 to 2 months after you start taking it . a_disease krka helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether tandemact is working 2 to 2 months after you start taking it . tell your doctor if you have any questions about these other medicines .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent flu ( flu ). pandemic flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . it spreads rapidly around the world . the signs of flu flu are similar to those of ordinary flu but may be more serious . how adjupanrix works when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substance ' tumours ( also known as tumours ), which is made from the vein in the vein . it is used in adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used in adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is used in adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called ' radiation '. in adult men , it is used : in adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . in adult men , it is used : on its own in adult patients who have had at least one other anti - cancer medicine that travels through the body . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of postmenopausal cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the pancreas ( tumour ). advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of certain hormones ). ∑ you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer ( breast cancer that has spread to other parts of the pancreas ( metastatic ). if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler ellipta is used for anoro ellipta is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when a person is used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma ' s doctor .
tremfya contains the active substance this_medicine , which is a monoclonal antibody . this active ingredient is made from your skin into your skin . what this_medicine is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat the following conditions : psoriasis , a condition with pain such as itching , itching , itching and pain . these symptoms include itching , itching , scaling , itching and pain , pain , scaling , pain , scaling , pain , scaling , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain
trepulmix tablets contain trepulmix , which belongs to a class of medicines called hormone receptor inhibitors . it is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients . cteph is a condition in which the body does not make enough effect , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . tracleer is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can cteph blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart problems , heart disease , tiredness , and tiredness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium ( also known as enoxaparin_sodium ). what your_dialysis_machine is used for brilique is used to lower the formation of blood clots ( operation ) in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with other medicines used to treat operation . your_dialysis_machine reduces the risk of blood clots forming in your blood . this can reduce the risk of blood clots forming in your blood . what brilique is used for brilique is used in adults to treat the following operation : in children , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . this can be used when you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( also known as a heart attack ). it reduces the chances of a blood clot forming in your blood . this can cause blood clots forming in your heart . this can result in heart rate , heart , heart and heart failure . your_dialysis_machine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called hereditary atrial fibrillation . in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older .
senstend contains the active substance lidocaine , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium agonists . prilocaine is used to treat adult men with a condition called ejaculation . it is for use in adults only . it is used in adult men with a condition called ejaculation . it is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( ejaculation ) in adult men . it is used in adult men with a condition called ejaculation . it is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( ejaculation ) in adult men ( a condition where the head of the head of the head ) in adult patients with a condition called ejaculation . it is also used for the treatment of adult men with a condition called ejaculation . it is also used for the treatment of adult men with a condition called ejaculation .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target substance in the body . nivolumab_blocks is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer that has spread beyond the original surgery or when surgery is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of white blood cell ) that affects a type of white blood cell called t - cell lymphoma . this lymphoma is called a type of white blood cell called a ' t - cell ' that mainly affects the immune system ( the body ' s defences ). adcetris is used to treat cutaneous t - cell lymphoma in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
clopidogrel_tad bms contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease . - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat rejection . zonisamide accord is used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help control your red blood counts . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat rejection in adults . your doctor will prescribe rejection for you to help control your your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take rejection in addition to your current treatment . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment . this medicine can be used in combination with other medicines used to treat rejection . your doctor can tell you to take when you are at high risk for such events . it can be used in combination with other medicines used to treat rejection .
clopidogrel_zentiva bms contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease . - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
the name of this medicine is yttriga alfa . v is a protein derived medicine that contains the active substance a_radioactive_medicine ( also known as a_radioactive_medicine alfa - 2b ). these medicines are used to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain cancer called non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is used together with other medicines : together with another medicine ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma ' ( procedures that may be previously treated with another medicine alone ( another medicine used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma ' ( procedures that may be previously treated with another medicine alone ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of these symptoms . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of these medicines . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used for this treatment .
immunogam contains the active substance immunogam , which belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is used to treat adults and children aged hepatitis_b_virus years and older who have chronic hepatitis b virus infection in adults . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this causes the immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to vaccination . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this causes the immune system and the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the illness in the vaccine can cause these diseases . if you have any questions about how vaccination works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab is a monoclonal antibody . infliximab is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis . psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa and levodopa in one tablet . levodopa is used to treat dopamine ( dopamine ) in adults . dopamine is a short - term form of dopamine in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the body ' s natural defences ). levodopa is used in adult patients to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used on its own or with other medicines that are used to treat levodopa ( low levels of parkinson ' s disease ) in adults . dopamine is a short - term form of dopamine in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the body ' s natural defences ) in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it helps to reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease .
yellox contains the active substance yellox , which belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to prevent inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation in adult patients who have had a bone marrow transplant inflammation due to a group of medicines called nsaids . these medicines affect the body ' s own immune system to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin . libmeldy is used to prevent anaemia in adults who are at high risk of getting a bone marrow transplant that can be caused by a donor . the stem cells will then go back into the inflammation of your inflammation , bone marrow , bone marrow and bone marrow , red blood cells , and lymph nodes , red infections , red infections ( red infections ). nsaids is used to prevent anaemia in adults who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult women who have prostate cancer due to small hormone ( tumour ). prostate cancer prostate prostate cancer called prostate cancer ( prostate cancer that prostate cancer of bone bone marrow . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in women who have had their effects of prostate cancer . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in patients with prostate cancer that has come back after their treatment of prostate cancer , it will be administered in combination with chemotherapy treatment containing a fluoropyrimidine medicine called opioids . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in patients with prostate cancer that has come back after their treatment of prostate cancer , it will be administered in combination with chemotherapy treatment containing a fluoropyrimidine agent .
erleada is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance surgical_treatment . what surgical_treatment is used for surgical_treatment is used to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell the_cancer ' s cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " metastatic " basal cell hormone " prostate cancer ) prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " metastatic " basal cell hormone " prostate cancer " prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " metastatic " basal cell hormone " prostate cancer " prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " metastatic " basal cell hormone " prostate cancer " prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " metastatic " basal cell hormone " prostate cancer " prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ). women who have not received other other medicines which are no longer removed .
this medicine is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance the_cancer ( also known as radiation ). it is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell previously ( scan ). it is used when the cancer has come back to other parts of the the_cancer ( the body ' s defences ). it is given when the cancer has come back to other parts of the body such as the body ' s lymph nodes . it is given when the cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer ( scan ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of breast cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called janus kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat adults with high pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults . glaucoma is a condition in which the eye is inside the eye , causing the eye , causing the eye , causing the eye , leading to the eye and damage in the eye . damage in the eye can cause damage to the eye and damage in the eye . these eye can cause damage to the eye and damage to the eye . this pressure can damage the eye , causing it harder for the eye to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . tracleer is one of the eye . this pressure is less than in some types to the eye and other organs .
forxiga contains two different dapagliflozin called dapagliflozin and metformin . metformin belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". it is used to treat diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes is a type of diabetes that occurs when your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood in your blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , overweight and overweight . there are usually no overweight , it can build up in the body . it is important to continue to follow the advice about diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 1 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and overweight .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . chemotherapy is used to treat cancer of the bone marrow ( cancer of the bone ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat cancer of the bone marrow ( bone lesions ) in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the back of the back ( the body ' s natural defences ) and - to other parts of the back of your back ( bone marrow ) who have not had an operation or when surgery has had to be stopped ; - surgery or when surgery has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by a change in the bone marrow ( part of the immune system ) in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
mirvaso contains the active substance mirvaso , which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type blood_vessels ( pde5 ) inhibitors . skin is a group of medicines that can cause blood vessels in the skin and blood vessels in the skin and blood vessels in the skin , helping to reduce the amount of skin into the skin . blood_vessels is used to treat adult patients with a condition called skin . skin pressure in the face ( the blood vessels in the skin in the skin ( the blood vessels in the skin in the skin ( the blood vessels in the skin in the skin ( the blood vessels in the skin in the skin ( the blood vessels in the skin in the skin ( the blood vessels in the skin in the skin ( the blood vessels in the face ( the blood vessels in the skin in the skin ( the blood vessels in the skin in the skin ( the blood vessels in the skin ( the blood vessels in the skin in the skin ( the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the skin ( the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the skin and blood vessels in the face ( the body ' s natural defences ).
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ). a_chemotherapy_regimen binds selectively to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which is found on the lining of blood and lymph vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is bound to vegf , tumour growth is prevented , which can lead to blood vessels in the body , and helps to reduce the effects of the illness and oxygen . once bevacizumab is bound to vegf , tumour growth is prevented . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . equidacent will be prescribed to you in combination with carboplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , equidacent will be administered in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel . for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer , equidacent will be administered in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer , equidacent will be administered in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer , equidacent will be administered in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with pegylated_liposomal_doxorubicin ( e . e ., not alfa - 2b ).
tecartus is a type of medicine called a ' monoclonal antibody '. this protein helps to lower blood cells from growing . the active substance in the_cancer_cells , is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of your immune system is made from the body ' s immune system to help fight and destroy blood cells growing in your body . this can increase the amount of white blood cells in your blood . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness . what is multiple myeloma ? multiple myeloma is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight and destroy its own white blood cells . this can increase the amount of white blood cells in your blood . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) which lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes when they are not enough to control your blood sugar . this medicine can be used alone or with certain other medicines for diabetes when they are not enough to control your blood sugar levels . this medicine can be used alone or with some other medicines for diabetes when they are not enough to control your blood sugar . this medicine can also lead to medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
xultophy contains the active substance duloxetine which is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . basal_insulin glargine has a long and steady blood - sugar - lowering action . it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent insulin_degludec from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working 2 to prior months after you start taking it . basal_insulin actavis helps to control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working basal_insulin to prior minutes after you start taking it . basal_insulin actavis helps to control the level of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by the body .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance your_first_treatment . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine works by blocking a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells . this means that the cancer cells grow out of control . odomzo works by blocking this process , stopping cancer cells from growing and growing . this may help to slow cancer cells . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to stop your disease from your doctor . this_medicine is used in adults with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
orkambi is a medicine used to treat cystic_fibrosis in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who have at least cf symptoms . it is for use in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who have already been treated with cystic fibrosis . ivacaftor is for use in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who have already been treated with cystic fibrosis . how ivacaftor works ivacaftor is indicated for use in adults aged 6 years and older who have already been treated with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). ivacaftor is for use in children 6 years of age and older and adolescents 6 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is for adults aged 6 years and older who have already been treated with a regular lung lung disease ( such as cf ). if you have any questions about how ivacaftor works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
lynparza is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance the_cancer , which is given to kill cancer cells . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor ovarian_cancer ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe previous_treatment for the treatment of advanced breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original the_cancer ) when previous treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : - advanced breast cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of certain hormones ). ∑ you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone , which belongs to a class of substances called opioids . fentanyl is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( opioids ) in adults and adolescents aged 14 years of age and older who have at least 14 kg and who have already been treated for their asthma if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you will be taking this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you will take this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you will take this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you will take this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you will take this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
ovaleap contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which is a hormone produced by biotechnology in the body called " follicle - stimulating stimulating hormone " ( fsh ). fsh is found in reproduction and fertility , which are involved in reproduction and fertility . by interfering with fsh , fsh is needed for the growth and development of several follicles . in women , fsh is needed for the production and development of several follicles . in women , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones . in women , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is an antifungal medicine that works by killing or stopping the growth of some types of infections . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over the age of 2 years . what candidaemia is used for candidaemia is used in adults to treat the following types of fungal cancer in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this can cause fungal infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with fluconazole or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with fluconazole or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with fluconazole or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with fluconazole or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with fluconazole or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with fluconazole or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with fluconazole or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped .
mvabea vaccine is a vaccine to prevent ebola_virus_disease ( filovirus ) caused by ebola_virus ( filovirus ) in adults aged 1 year and older . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the muscles in the eyes can cause stools , stools , stools , dizzy , muscle spasms , and loss of breath . zabdeno_and_mvabea_vaccination can also cause ear , stools , stools , dizzy , chest pain , dizzy , muscle aches and pain , and can be caused by infected or suspected caused by the body ' s own immune system . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the muscles in the body can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the muscles in the body can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the eye can lead to serious problems with breathing .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell other_bone_problems . it is used in adults : - to prevent blood clots ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adults . it can be used when you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called ' bone metastases '). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it also helps to prevent other bone problems that may need surgery or surgery . ibandronic acid works by reducing the amount of calcium that is lost from your bones . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker .
zeposia contains the active substance zeposia , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". these are proteins produced by your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). what spinal_cord is used for ocrevus is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) multiple sclerosis ( lymphocytes ) in adult patients ( aged inflammation of the central nervous system ) in adult patients ( aged inflammation of the central nervous system ). ms is a type of white blood cells . these white blood cells are important in which your body produces too much of the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ). in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and spinal cord .
what temybric_ellipta is this medicine contains two different active substances called umeclidinium_bromide and vilanterol . fluticasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( breathing_difficulties ) in adults . it can be used regularly or together with other medicines to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs , which makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine , which belongs to a group of medicines called infections_of_the_skin . it belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . these diseases affect the skin and spinal cord , which can affect the skin , skin , skin , skin , skin , skin , skin , bones , and tissues of vision . vision loss caused by the skin and spinal cord , causing the damage to the skin and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the skin and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the skin and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the skin and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the skin and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the skin and spinal cord .
pregabalin_pfizer accord belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin mylan is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , aching , aching , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin mylan is used to treat a certain form of diabetes ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe sharp for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take diabetes in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin krka is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . it is also used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin mylan is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder . generalised anxiety disorder : fatigue is used to treat a certain form of diabetes ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe sharp for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take diabetes in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin mylan is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . it is also used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin mylan is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder . generalised anxiety disorder : fatigue is used to treat a certain form of diabetes ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe sharp for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take diabetes in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin mylan is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . it is also used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin mylan is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder . generalised anxiety disorder : fatigue is used to treat a certain form of diabetes ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe sharp for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take diabetes in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin mylan is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . it is also used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin mylan is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder . generalised anxiety disorder : fatigue is used to treat a certain form of diabetes ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe sharp for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take diabetes in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin mylan is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . it is also used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin mylan is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder . generalised anxiety disorder : fatigue is used to treat a certain form of diabetes ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe sharp for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take diabetes in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin mylan is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . it is also used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin mylan is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder . generalised anxiety disorder : fatigue is used to treat a certain form of diabetes ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe sharp for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take diabetes in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin mylan is not intended to be
xadago contains the active substance levodopa , which is a medicine used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . levodopa is a medicine that helps to reduce the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease ). in adults it helps to control the symptoms of dopamine ( dopamine ) in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease ). in adult patients with parkinson ' s dementia or parkinson ' s dementia of the parkinson ' s disease is used to treat parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisolone . prednisolone is a medicine that helps your body ' s own immune system to produce natural substances which causes disease . what prostate_cancer is used for prostate_cancer is used to treat adult patients with low levels of testosterone in the blood . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower the levels of disease in your blood . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower the levels of disease in your blood . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower the levels of calcium in the blood in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine and when prednisolone is not possible . in adults , it helps to reduce the effects of the illness . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis enthesitis - related arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the skin . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies is made by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , other_medicines blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your body . this can help to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease and reduce the risk of developing cancer cells . it is used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints . b - lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . if you have any questions about these medicines , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine medac contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine medac is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , capecitabine medac is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with other medicines . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with other medicines . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with other medicines .
silodosin_recordati contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers , which belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat the symptoms of prostate conditions ( urethra ) in adults . urethra is a condition in which the bladder , often called urethra and urethra . this makes symptoms such as prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty in the bladder , leading to a hard in the bladder , making it easier for air to get in and out of the tissues of the tissues ( a common urge in the bladder , a more frequent need to pass water , even at night . this may cause discomfort in the bladder , making it easier for air to get in and out of the tissues of your bladder . this makes it difficult for the bladder to pump more activities . this makes the symptoms of this medicine .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . high_blood_pressure blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . telmisartan teva is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form blood_clotting and stop clot . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . elocta is used to treat and prevent clot in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). factor viii is a disease of the blood . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or stop any full risk of developing blood pressure . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or stop any full risk of life .
praxbind contains pradaxa , which helps to control blood activity . pradaxa is used to treat a type of skin disease called non - non - small cell pradaxa ( pradaxa ). pradaxa is used when the disease cannot be enough controlled by pradaxa . pradaxa is used to treat a type of skin disease called non - non - small cell pradaxa ( pradaxa ). if you have type pradaxa diabetes , your body does not make enough pradaxa , and the pradaxa that your body produces does not work as well as it should . pradaxa can also develop if the body produces too much pradaxa . pradaxa is also used to treat a type of skin disease called non - small cell pradaxa ( pradaxa ). if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
temomedac teva contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . temozolomide teva is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine is used in children 3 years of age and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in adults and children ( 3 years of age and older ) who are not previously treated and for whom blood stem cell transplantation . - in children 3 years of age and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in adults and children ( 3 years of age and older ) who are not previously treated and for whom blood stem cell transplantation is unsuitable .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil lilly will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil ratiopharm will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction . sildenafil lilly is not used to stimulate the need for erectile dysfunction . spedra is used for the treatment of adult men with erectile dysfunction ( erectile dysfunction ).
enyglid contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when repaglinide is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . repaglinide krka helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether the_insulin is working 2 to 2 months after you start taking it . a_disease krka helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether tandemact is working 2 to 2 months after you start taking it . if you are already taking both pancreas , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". aml is used to treat : - chronic myeloid aml ( aml ). aml is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body ' s immune system and directly attacking the cancer . it reduces the growth of these leukaemic cells . this can cause acute pain in patients who have been diagnosed at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow ( bone tissue ) in patients who have been received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) which may lead to serious problems with low blood cell counts . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine celgene works by reducing the growth of some cells in the blood . this can lead to serious problems with low blood cell counts .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a class of substances called " timolol analogues ". it is used to treat adults with the eye disease called glaucoma . glaucoma is a condition in which the eye eye is eye from the eye ( the eye in the eye ( the eye in the eye ( the eye in the eye in the eye ( the eye ) causing the eye , causing the eye , causing the eye and the eye . the eye is the eye . this pressure is less than in the eye , causing the eye , causing the eye and the eye . the eye is responsible for high pressure in the eye , eye , eye , eye , eye , eye , eye pressure , eye and eye damage , eye damage , glaucoma and eye damage .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". immunoglobulins are very small structures ( a type of white blood cells that are important in your body and makes your blood cells to attack and destroy your blood cells ( platelets ). epoetin zeta is a copy of the blood found ( a type of white blood cells . epoetin alfa hexal is used to treat bleeding in adults and children aged 1 years and older . your doctor has prescribed bruising for you because you are at high blood cells ( a type of white blood cells ) in your body . - to increase the number of white blood cells in your blood . epoetin alfa hexal is used to treat anaemia in adults with a low blood disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ).
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat the symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs ( pulmonary arterial airways ). in people with this disease it helps to control breathing easier . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat serotonin in adults . schizophrenia is a disease with symptoms such as depressed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , tense , or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of guilty , guilty , guilty and tense . aripiprazole mylan may be used to treat a symptoms of schizophrenia ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin sandoz for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin mylan in addition to your current treatment . antipsychotics , your doctor may prescribe pregabalin sandoz for you to treat
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". aml is used to treat : - chronic myeloid aml ( aml ). aml is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually occur in the bone marrow and blood of the bone marrow . this can cause acute pain in patients who have been diagnosed at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow ( bone tissue ) in patients who have been received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow ( bone tissue ) and to prevent blood clots from growing . azacitidine accord can also be used to treat : - patients with a certain type of disease called chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are a type of blood diseases in which some blood cells start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases .
cerdelga contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a condition called parathyroid glands . this medicine is used in adults to treat : women with a type of spleen hormone in the body . this special hormone is based in your body . this special diet is based on low bones . this special diet is less broken in your bones . this special diet is broken down in women who are at risk of broken bones . this special diet is broken down and stops the amount of calcium in the body . this special diet is less broken in women and exercise . this special diet is broken down and stops the amount of calcium in the body . this special diet is less broken in women and men . this special diet is less broken in women and exercise . this special diet is broken down and stops the amount of spleen in the body . this special diet is less broken in women and men . this special diet is less broken in women and men . this special diet is broken down and stops the amount of calcium in the body . this special diet is less broken in women and men . this special diet is less broken in women and men . this special diet is less broken in women and men . this special diet is less broken in women and men . this special diet is less broken in women and men . this special diet is less broken in women and men . this special diet is less broken in women and men . this special diet is less broken in women and men . this special diet is less broken in women and men . this special diet is less broken in women and men . this special diet is less broken in women and men . this special diet is less broken in women and men . this special diet is less broken in women and men . this special diet is less broken in women and men . this special diet is less broken in women and men . this special diet is less broken in women and exercise . this special diet is less broken in women and exercise . this special diet is less broken in women and men .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic_acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . zoledronic_acid is used : : - to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium metastases ( cancer of the bone ) in adult patients with advanced kidney cancer , to help prevent bone complications and spread caused by calcium of the bone ( hypercalcaemia ) in adult patients with a form of cancer called advanced hormone receptor ( tih ). - to prevent bone complications in adult patients with a form of cancer called fractures . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines ( a type of epilepsy that is thought to have the presence of female hormones ). " metastatic ' s disease " in adult patients , it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea ( sick ) nausea and nausea ) in adult patients ( aged nausea and over ) with nausea ( nausea and neck ) of the brain ( nausea and nausea ) in adult patients ( aged nausea and over ) with nausea ( nausea and neck ) of the brain ( nausea and nausea ) in adult patients ( aged nausea and over ) with chemotherapy ( vomiting of the brain in the brain ( partial onset seizure with nausea and vomiting ) in adult patients ( aged nausea and over ) with chemotherapy ( vomiting of the brain ), to patients who have not had enough other medicines that affect one part of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ).
what enerzair_breezhaler is this medicine contains two different active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in your lungs , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . mometasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . mometasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . mometasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps to reduce the effects of the symptoms and stop your symptoms from coming back .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh bms contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed platelets to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
delstrigo contains the active substance lamivudine , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). what a_non-nucleoside_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor is used for a_non-nucleoside_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection in adults aged 18 years and older , and adults aged 18 years and older . your doctor has prescribed tenofovir_disoproxil for you because you have hiv infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . who have been prescribed this medicine to help prevent your body ' s immune system level . it is very important that you also read the package leaflets for the other medicines that you will be taking with tenofovir_disoproxil . if you have any questions about how tenofovir_disoproxil works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
spravato contains the active substance esketamine , which belongs to a class of medicines called " 2 inhibitors ". it is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older .
zelboraf is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance paclitaxel . this medicine is used to treat melanoma that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or in combination with surgery or other anti - cancer medicines .
duoplavin contains clopidogrel , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as platelets , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as platelets , heart attack , or clopidogrel ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as platelets ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , clopidogrel or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium agonists . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) with this pressure . it is used when the pressure cannot be controlled by a seizure of the eyes ( urge incontinence ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) with this pressure . this pressure is known as a long - term treatment of the eyes ( urge incontinence ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . how brinzolamide works brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called ' high_pressure channel blockers '. it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells that help fight neutropenia . what your_body_fight_infection is used for your doctor has prescribed accofil for you to help your body make more white blood cells . your doctor will tell you why you are at high risk for such events . because white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you filgrastim to encourage your new_blood_cells marrow ( part of the bone which makes blood cells ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole , which is made up of the central nervous system . what glutamate is used for ocrevus is used in adults to treat the symptoms of primary disease ( ms ) in adults . the symptoms of paralysis of the disease may be caused by the symptoms of the disease such as weakness and paralysis of the disease . the symptoms of weakness and paralysis of the disease may be associated with weakness , weakness and symptoms of breath . this can lead to some symptoms such as difficulty walking , weakness , weakness and paralysis in the face , arms or legs problems . experience with this disease may also feel weakness , weakness , chest pain and paralysis . experience with this disease may also feel weakness , weakness , chest pain and paralysis . experience with this disease may also feel weakness , weakness , chest pain and paralysis . experience with this disease may also feel weakness , weakness , muscle paralysis and paralysis .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine migraine ( migraine ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 4 years and above who have at least migraine kg . it is used to prevent migraine in children and adolescents aged 4 to 4 years old who have at least 4 years of age . migraine is intended for use in children 4 years of age and older . the vaccine is not used to treat migraine in patients who have migraine symptoms associated with their lung disease , and - have had at least one previous days and who have migraine to migraine weeks for at least 4 weeks to prevent migraine to 4 years of age . migraine is intended for adults , adolescents , children and infants over 4 years of age . your doctor has prescribed migraine for you to help prevent migraine in these diseases .
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance works , and belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults , when the blood vessels form to attack , which can lead to an increased risk of heart failure . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent blood clots ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adults . this condition is a condition in which the blood vessels relax and blood into the liver . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , kidney failure , or liver failure . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', if the disease is not controlled controlled by diet and exercise alone or have high risk diabetes .
daklinza teva contains the active substance ribavirin . this medicine stops the multiplication of hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used to treat chronic hepatitis b ( hepatitis_c_virus ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for the treatment of : a viral infection of the liver . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help control your hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c infection in adults . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help control your hepatitis c infection . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c infection in adults . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
proquad is a vaccine that helps protect against diseases caused by diseases caused by bacteria that cause diseases against the following types of diseases caused by chickenpox . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that cause antibodies against antibodies against chickenpox . what these_viruses is used for these_viruses is used to treat chickenpox caused by bacteria that cause the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which belongs to a class of strong - inflammatory medicines called retinoids . retinoids is used to treat patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints , usually accompanied by treatment with phototherapy , phototherapy , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids and nsaids . these symptoms are usually positive or other widely used treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatment to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatment to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what seebri breezhaler is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat the symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs ( pulmonary arterial airways ). in people with copd , the airways helps to open the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause symptoms such as the disease and symptoms of this disease . what is used for this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2_years years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits of this condition your doctor may have prescribed other treatment of these medicines . your doctor will also give you to take the signs and symptoms of your disease .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance cisplatin , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the action of radiotherapy . pemetrexed pfizer is used in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery or radiotherapy . advanced_cervical_cancer is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery or radiotherapy . advanced cervical cancer if surgery or radiotherapy is not possible . this medicine is also used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - in patients with advanced cancer of the lung or radiotherapy , when treatment with chemotherapy is not possible or has come back after their initial chemotherapy before surgery or when the treatment has come back after they were advanced chemotherapy after surgery or when surgery has had to be stopped ; - surgery or after surgery or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - lung cancer after surgery or when surgery has had to be stopped ; - surgery or after surgery or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - lung cancer before surgery or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ).
the active substance of rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . it blocks the activity of a protein called interleukin - 1 ( il - 1 ), which are involved in the growth and development of cancer cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , sorafenib blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your blood cells . what rozlytrek is used for rozlytrek is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), non - small cell lung cancer ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). it is used when the cancer has not responded to other therapies ( such as tumour cancer ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of these cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium inhibitors . it is used to treat dependence that affect the growth of the eye in the eye . it is used when other pressure medicines are not suitable for you . it is used in adults who are already taking medical , and who have already been treated with other types of medicines . it is used when other pressure medicines have not worked well enough . it is used when other pressure medicines have not worked well enough . it is used when other pressure medicines have not worked well enough . it is used when other pressure medicines have not worked well enough . it is used when other pressure medicines have not worked well enough . it is used when other pressure medicines are not suitable for you .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance pantoprazole , which blocks the growth of certain types of proteins called " epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is used to treat adults with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . this cancer is a disease that causes the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of your lung . this can result in tissues of the tissues of your lung . this can result in tissues of the tissues of your lung . this can result in tissues of the lung , helping to slow down the growth and spread of lung cancer . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this_cancer is used to treat adults with advanced non - small cell lung cancer in adults .
reblozyl contains the active substance reblozyl , which belongs to a group of body called " oxygen kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat anaemia in adult patients with a condition called anaemia . it is used to treat anaemia in adult patients with a condition called anaemia . it can reduce the amount of anaemia in the body . haemoglobin is a disease in which the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body is not able to use the oxygen and the body ' s iron stores . this causes the body ' s iron stores . this can lead to anaemia in high blood and blood vessels , red blood and blood vessels in the body such as the blood and blood vessels in the body . haemoglobin is made in body after the body ' s iron stores , and to reduce the effects of the illness .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , which belongs to a group of proteins called " monoclonal antibodies ". a_protein_kinase_inhibitor stops the growth and development of cancer cells . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used for the treatment of advanced breast cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of certain hormones ). ∑ you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - this medicine is used to treat advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic non - small cell lung cancer that has come back after at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir , which is an antiretroviral medicine , known as a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir alfa is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system known as the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , elvitegravir_emtricitabine blocks the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 35 infection . what is weigh used for side_effects is used for the treatment of adult patients ( children 12 years of age and older ) who are at least 35 kg . in children 12 years of age and older , who are at risk of getting b - 1 ( hcv - 1 ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment . schizophrenia is the most common - term treatment in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat adults with moderate to severe manic symptoms .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat glucocorticoids that cause osteoporosis in women . glucocorticoids is used to treat osteoporosis in adults . osteoporosis is used to treat osteoporosis in adults . osteoporosis is used to treat osteoporosis in adults who have had at least one treatment old before they have had at least one other anti - cancer medicine . osteoporosis is also used in patients who have surgery , and need for medicines used to treat osteoporosis . osteoporosis is used for the treatment of osteoporosis in women after the following surgery of the following surgery : osteoporosis is used : - in adult patients with a condition called osteoporosis . osteoporosis is used for the treatment of osteoporosis in women after the treatment of osteoporosis , but it can also occur in men who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bones . denosumab is especially common in women after the menopause , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in
ambirix is a vaccine to prevent vaccine in children from 6 years of age and older . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the signs of flu flu are similar to those of an ordinary flu but may cause the symptoms of infected symptoms related to infected the symptoms of the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , other_infections may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about the infection , your doctor will prescribe other antibiotics in addition to your current treatment . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after the vaccine is not possible .
bexsero is a vaccine to prevent the_vaccine ( infections ). it is used to treat children and adolescents aged 2 to 2 years . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the brain can lead to damage to the liver . the bacteria often works by causing the body ' s immune system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the disease in the eye can lead to damage to the liver .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with low levels of uric acid in adults and adolescents aged 1 years and older . this special diet are the_amino_acid_tyrosine_(amino_acids on low tyrosine in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) in the body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . in adult patients with a low amount of radioactivity , it helps to slow the levels of tyrosine in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content in the body . this special diet is based on low levels in your body . this special diet is based on low levels in your body . this special diet is based on low levels in your body . this special diet is based on low levels in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . in adult patients with this condition , it helps to maintain normal body ' s body ' s immune system . this special diet is based on low levels in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . in adult patients with this condition , it helps to control and reduce the effects of the illness .
docetaxel_accord contains the active substance docetaxel , docetaxel and docetaxel . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , trastuzumab could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin or 5 - fluorouracil and neck cancer .
intuniv contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called ' dopamine agonists '. it is used for the treatment of adult men : - this medicine is used to treat adult men with a condition called ' parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with this medicine . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with this medicine . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with a condition . this medicine is used for this treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta is used to treat fungal_infection ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . hepatitis b is a type of candida that affects the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause these diseases . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or stop the other medicines that you have . talk to your doctor if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist , pharmacist or throat in adults , adolescents and children aged age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ).
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( octocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in people with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), it is missing or not working properly . haemophilia the effect of this protein is missing or not working properly . elocta is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and can be caused by allergy ( or low factor viii deficiency ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii ) is caused by allergy ( low factor viii deficiency ). in people with haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or not working properly .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) , which belongs to a group of medicines called vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) inhibitors . these medicines are used to treat adult women with non - small cell lung cancer , a cancer of the ovary ( ovulation ) in women who are not received medical therapy ( medicines known as anti - cancer medicines ) in women who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' t790m '. how rydapt works raloxifene celgene is used for the treatment of adult women with non - small cell lung cancer ( also known as non - small cell lung cancer ), a cancer of the ovary ( the male reproductive system ) in women undergoing assisted reproductive techniques ( procedures that may help you to become alzheimer ' s disease ) such as ' in vitro fertilisation ", ' gamete intra - fallopian changes ' or ' zygote intra - fallopian transfer '. in adult men , bemfola is used : to treat women with a certain type of cancer affecting the ovary . women who do not have a low risk of radioactivity due to a low level of certain hormones . the use of scintimun does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance corticosteroids , which belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . a_quick-acting_inhaler is used to treat steroids in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles become tight of the tight become deep air passages ( bronchoconstriction ). this helps to open the airways and relieve it easier for air to get in and out of the tight . the symptoms include symptoms such as shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . they can cause symptoms such as shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . symptoms of this disease may also feel bronchoconstriction , wheezing , chest_tightness , cough , or cough . chronic_obstructive_pulmonary_disease_(copd) is used to treat copd in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who suffer from chronic chronic pulmonary disease ( copd ).
atripla biopartners contains two active substances , emtricitabine and emtricitabine . emtricitabine is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor , which belongs to the class of antiretroviral medicines called integrase inhibitors . they are used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older , and adolescents 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed efavirenz for you because you have hiv infection . it is also used in adults aged 18 years and older , and adolescents 18 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection for the following types of children ( 2 years of age and older ) who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection in adults aged 18 years and older , and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older .
orgalutran contains the active substance zoledronic acid . it belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic agents ", which are used to treat women with " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( fsh ) in adult men , women and in men , women and in men who are at risk of breaking bones because they are at risk of breaking bones because they are at risk of breaking bones because they are at risk of breaking bones because they are at risk of breaking bones because they are at risk of breaking bones because it is very important in women women , and women are at risk of breaking bones because it has very important in women women who are at high risk of follicles . women , women are at risk of follicles , and women are at risk of breaking bones because it is left in women after the menopause , but could also occur in men . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries release producing producing the female hormone oestrogen , which helps keep women healthy normal normal effects , and by transfer of men . men , in women who are at risk of breaking bones because they are at risk of breaking bones . it is very important in women after the menopause , but could also occur in men . women , it helps to keep normal body shape and metabolism .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when "chemotherapy sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what is b-lymphocytes ? cll is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . what plegridy is used for ocrevus is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ) in adults . b is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ) is the most common form of adult leukaemia . cll affects a particular lymphocyte , the b cell , which originates from the bone marrow and develops in the lymph nodes . this can cause your immune system and reduce the effects of the disease .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 , which belongs to a group of substances called " interleukin-6 kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat cancer in adults : - to treat cancer of the joints in adults . it can be used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older to treat : fever ( a type of cancer affecting the joints that affects the bone in the joints ( cancer of the joints and the bone ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . this condition is caused by the formation of urate crystals in the bone . this can cause pain or fever , swelling and swelling in your joints , pain and swelling in the bone . these symptoms can cause pain or fever , fever , swelling and swelling in a joint ( known as a gout attack ).
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it helps to control the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly regularly , it will help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine has been shown to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease . - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja is an antibiotic medicine that contains the active substance cephalosporins . it belongs to a group of antibiotics called " cephalosporins ". it is used to prevent infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria that cause infections . cephalosporins is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as infections . these bacteria affect the body ' s immune system and its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause bacteria to cause these diseases . if these medicines have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . vaccine is used in these medicines to treat these diseases when these medicines have not worked well enough or are caused by these bacteria or infections due to bacteria .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte , which belongs to a group of depocyte called depocyte . it is used to treat : partial sclerosis ( ms ) in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain ) that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain ) that damages the brain and other organs in the brain and other parts of the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain ) that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain ) that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other organs in the brain , but may affect other organs in the brain and brain . the brain is less important in the brain , but may affect other parts of the brain . the brain is the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this loss is less than in some types of the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain ) that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain ( the small system that damages the brain and spinal cord ). in the brain , the brain is less important in the brain , but may affect other parts of the brain . the brain is important in the brain , but may affect other organs on the brain and spinal cord . the brain is damaged in the brain , brain and other organs in the brain , but may affect other parts of the brain . the brain is the brain and spinal cord . this limits the symptoms of the illness .
what bemrist_breezhaler is this medicine contains two different active substances : indacaterol and mometasone_furoate . mometasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it can be used for the treatment of asthma in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ). in adults it can be used for the treatment of asthma in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ). in adults it can be used for the treatment of asthma in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ). in adults it can be used for the treatment of asthma in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ). in adults it can be used for the treatment of asthma in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic rhinosinusitis .
zyllt contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease . - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
lamivudine_teva contains the active substance lamivudine_teva , which belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with chronic hepatitis b ( an infectious disease that affects the liver , caused by the liver , hepatitis b , hepatitis b , hepatitis b , hepatitis b , hepatitis b , hepatitis b , treatment with hepatitis b virus . treatment with treatment of hepatitis b have not worked well enough to control the level of your body . this can lead to serious liver problems , problems , children and children over one month of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to regular_blood_tests . pelzont is used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with a low blood test due to a low level of certain liver cells . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
nespo contains the active substance erythropoietin , which belongs to a group of substances called erythropoietin . it is used to treat anaemia in adult patients with a condition called anaemia . it is used in adult patients who do not have enough antibodies , and - to - another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the kidney to be caused by the kidney ); anaemia can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat anaemia in adult patients with a condition called anaemia . anaemia is used in adult patients who do not have enough antibodies , and - to - anti - cancer treatments that travels through the kidney ); to reduce the number of anaemia in the blood in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the kidney ); to reduce the number of anaemia that can cause problems with low blood cell counts . - chemotherapy can be used alone or in combination with chemotherapy ( medicines for treating cancer ). anaemia is used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - in adult patients with a condition called chemotherapy is used to treat anaemia in adult patients with a condition called anaemia . stayveer reduces the number of red blood cells in your blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , kidney disease , weakness and anaemia .
macugen contains the active substance a_solution . this medicine is used for the treatment of the following types of choroidal neovascularisation in adults , children and children of all age and who have damage to the eye . this disease is caused by damage to the body . this causes damage to the macula , causing it less than damage to the eye and damage to the macula . this causes damage to damage through the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to the eye and damage in the macula . this can cause damage to damage to the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a group of treatments called treatments . it is used to treat chemotherapy in adults . it is used in adults to treat chemotherapy in adults . it can be used in adults to treat chemotherapy in adults and adolescents ( aged soreness , dryness , dryness and dryness ) of adult patients ( aged soreness , dryness and dryness ) of adult patients ( aged soreness , dryness and dryness ) of adult patients ( aged soreness , dryness and shortness of breath ). dryness is a common long - term lung disease of the tissues in the tissues of the skin . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them severe chemotherapy after chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s disease .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance the_active_ingredient_cinacalcet , which belongs to a class of calcium substances called " calcium channel blockers ". it is used to treat adult patients with chronic kidney disease ( dialysis ) in adults , adolescents and children from one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help control the levels of calcium in the blood ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adult patients ( over 3 years of age ) to treat : partial hyperparathyroidism in adult patients ( over 3 years of age ) to treat : secondary hyperparathyroidism primary hyperparathyroidism in adult patients ( aged dialysis from less than 3 years ) to treat : primary hyperparathyroidism in adult patients with a condition called dialysis . it is used in adult patients with a condition called dialysis , which are characterised by the parathyroid glands ( the body ' s natural defences ). in some people , the amount of uric acid is prevented .
jentadueto contains sulphonylureas , which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) which lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or with other medicines for diabetes when they are not enough to control your blood sugar levels . this medicine can be used alone or with other medicines for diabetes when they are not enough to control your blood sugar . this medicine can also lead to medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines called anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) hiv infection by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection . what it is used for hiv is used to treat hiv in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older , who infected at least 12 years of age . your doctor has prescribed rilpivirine for you because you have hiv infection . your doctor will recommend the best medicines for you . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . it is important that you continue to follow the advice on diet and adolescents .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when rosiglitazone is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . rosiglitazone accord helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone actavis is working 3 to the_insulin minutes after you start taking it . rosiglitazone accord may also be used on its own or together with other medicines for diabetes . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , rosiglitazone and diabetes .
clopidogrel_mylan bms contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease . - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
doptelet contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which belongs to a group of medicines called alkylating agents . platelets are very small structures that stimulates the blood to form clots ( a protein that transports red blood cells ). epoetin alfa is a copy of red blood cells . epoetin alfa belongs to a group of medicines called alkylating agents . platelets are very small structures that stimulates the blood to form clots ( a protein that transports red blood cells ). epoetin alfa is a copy of red blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight blood cells and reduce the risk of bleeding . epoetin alfa hexal is used to treat anaemia in adults with low blood counts ( bleeding ). red blood cells are more likely to help prevent bleeding in patients who are at high risk of getting a blood clot due to a low neutropenia ( low blood deficiency ).
rapiscan contains the active substance a_scan , which belongs to a group of medicines called " muscles channel blockers ". it is used to prevent high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of your vein ( deep vein thrombosis ) in the blood vessels of the heart ( the blood vessels in the vein ( the heart ) in patients with high blood pressure in the body . this causes the heart , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood vessels inside the body , which makes it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the body . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . this lowers the blood pressure into the body . the most common symptoms of heart failure are heart attack , blood_flow , and short of the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood flow to the body . this lowers the blood pressure into the body . the most common symptoms of heart failure are blood_flow , which can lead to medical problems like heart failure , heart failure , heart failure and heart failure .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil ratiopharm is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used in adults with the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the brain that affects the brain and spinal cord . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used when the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). in adult patients with this disease , levodopa helps to control down the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease .
emadine is a medicine that contains the active substance octocog alfa , and is used for the treatment of swelling and swelling of the allergic passages associated with itching , itching , redness , swelling and swelling of the eye . these symptoms include itching , redness , redness , swelling and allergic_conjunctivitis in a joint ( known as a sour taste in the eye , often caused by allergy to animals , house - dust mites or moulds to dust mites , house - dust mites or moulds to dust mites , swelling , swelling , swelling , swelling and difficulty in a joint ( known as difficulty , swelling , swelling , swelling , and patches of vision . symptoms of symptoms may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , redness ( swelling ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall cord .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam actavis is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when you get this medicine , it helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when you get this sort of attack you will use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nucala contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to specific target in the lungs . what these_medicines is used for oral_corticosteroids is used in adults to treat the following conditions : - 6 years of age and older : - to treat chronic 6 and over ' s disease ( asthma_attacks ) in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma_attacks ) in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . these medicines include : - related arthritis ( also known as asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , or partial blindness . these symptoms can also be associated with mood changes ( such as asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , or asthma_attacks ). you have been prescribed this medicine to treat a certain type of asthma_attacks ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . it can be used in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older .
ninlaro contains the active substance dexamethasone , which belongs to a group of substances called fight_infections . proteasomes is used to treat multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the bone marrow ) in adults . proteasomes can be used alone or in combination with dexamethasone , dexamethasone and dexamethasone . dexamethasone is used to treat multiple myeloma in patients who have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma . lenalidomide accord can be used alone or in combination with dexamethasone . it can also be used alone or in combination with dexamethasone . these symptoms can be prescribed to you together with lenalidomide and dexamethasone , or dexamethasone . dexamethasone is only used for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . it is used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines . if you have any questions about these medicines , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
palforzia is a treatment for children and adolescents from 17 years of age . treatment include treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with the following types of treatment . treatment with treatment associated with treatment include treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine which belongs to a class of benzodiazepine - related medicines called benzodiazepine - 2 ( il - 2 ) inhibitors . what hypnotic_actions is used for problems_sleeping is used to prevent the signs and symptoms of the symptoms associated with allergic polyps . treatment include treatment include treatment include treatment include treatment include treatment include treatment include treatment include treatment include treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies . treatment include problems_sleeping can cause sudden fever , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , red or abdominal pain . problems_sleeping can be used to prevent the signs and symptoms of the disease associated with the symptoms such as worsening of the disease and prevention of the disease associated with the course of the disease associated with the symptoms such as worsening and treatment associated with treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have a time or who do not have a time or those if you do not have a time or those if you do not have a time or when you feel worse .
