incivo belongs to a class of medicines called peginterferon_alfa . it is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults it is also used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b virus infection in adults who have had at least previously one treatment for chronic hepatitis c infection in adults . it is also used in combination with ribavirin in children peginterferon_alfa years of age and older . the combination of ribavirin biopartners with ribavirin alfa - 2b is used to treat hepatitis b infection in adults who have previously previously treated previously for chronic hepatitis c infection . your doctor will talk with you the best combination of these other medicines . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . children and adolescents this medicine is used in combination with ribavirin in children medicines .
zinbryta can help to protect walking on the brain and spinal cord . ms is ms caused by ms . relapsing - remitting ms is ms caused by inflammation of the central nervous system ( ms ) around the nerves around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves around the nerves and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves around the nerves and stops the nerves from working properly . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves around the nerves and stops the nerves from working properly . in ms , the protective sheath sheath around the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the nerves and stops the nerves from working properly . this limits nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : people with relapsing - remitting ms have relapsing - remitting ms due to ms symptoms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting ms is relapsing - remitting ms . relapsing - remitting ms have relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ).
wilzin contains the active substance ibandronic acid . it belongs to a group of medicines called " liver medicines ", which stop the activity of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). what it is used for it is used to treat adults with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( liver_damage ) in adults . it can be used in people whose liver is damaged and does not function properly ( decompensated liver disease ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ). it can be used in patients whose liver is damaged and does not function properly ( decompensated liver disease ) and after the liver does not work well enough . it also helps to reduce the amount of liver acid in patients who have been exposed to a lot of sunshine over the course of their lifetime . this will lead to some medical problems such as in liver function .
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus 1 ( hiv - 1 ). infection in adults it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and above . infection is a type of hiv that happens at the immunodeficiency virus . this causes the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 1 infection . eviplera is a treatment for human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year of age and infection . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to treat children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
novonorm contains insulin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when insulin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . repaglinide krka helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether the_insulin is working type_2_diabetes to keep your blood sugar . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent flu ( flu ). pandemic flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . it spreads rapidly around the world . the signs of pandemic flu are similar to those of ordinary flu but may be more serious . how adjupanrix works when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is not used to prevent flu caused by the h5n1 type of the flu . flu vaccine viruses when the world does not produce enough protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
somakit_toc contains the active substance tumours ( 123i ) which is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is for use in adults only . it is used in adult men to treat a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat : - small cell body_areas ( tumours ) in adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body_areas ( the body ' s natural defences ) and your doctor thinks that other antibiotics are not possible ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use of this medicine , ask your doctor to give you information about these other medicines .
afinitor contains the active substance everolimus , which belongs to a group of substances called everolimus . growth factors are proteins that are involved in the growth and development of cancer cells . this protein is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with vegf-targeted_therapy ( which therapy with another medicine called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what vilanterol is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
tremfya contains the active substance il-23 , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target substance in the body . what il-23 is used for leganto is used to treat and prevent psoriasis in people with moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis , a condition with symptoms such as burning , itching , itching or pain or from an impact . these neuropathic pain can include hot , itching , itching , burning , itching , pain , pain , scaling , pain , scaling , pain , scaling , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain and pain , pain and pain . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , itching , itching , itching or pain .
trepulmix contains the active substance oxygen , which belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the body which causes blood vessels to narrow . oxygen therefore causes blood vessels to expand and belongs to the class of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". tracleer is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) in adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) in patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . this can lead to serious heart problems , such as tiredness , tiredness , tiredness , or tiredness in one of breath . high blood pressure , if not treated , can tiredness , problems with blood and heart vessels , mental tiredness , tiredness and poor circulation .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium ( also known as enoxaparin_sodium ). it is used to treat adults with type 2 diabetes . in adults , adolescents and children from 2 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower the chance of a blood clot forming in the blood vessels in the heart and reduce the risk of heart failure . your_dialysis_machine is used to treat : - prevent blood clots in the veins of your legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart and blood vessels in the veins of your legs ( pulmonary embolism ), and to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood vessels of your legs and / or blood clots from forming . in adults 2 years and older in combination with other medicines to treat a condition called peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a heart attack , unstable_angina stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
senstend contains the active substance lidocaine . prilocaine is a member of a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the airways inside the penis inside the penis , making it easier for air to get in and out of the penis . when it is used regularly , it helps to prevent the lining of lifelong_premature_ejaculation in the penis , making it easier for air to get in and out of the penis . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small air to remain inside your penis when you feel sexually excited . fluticasone furoate is a long - term condition in which the head of the penis inside the small air , making it easier for air to get in and out of the penis .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . nivolumab is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other specific proteins in the body . nivolumab attaches to the surface of a type of white blood cell called a monoclonal antibody . this protein is delivered to the surface of some cancer cells . the anti - cancer of the active substance nivolumab , nivolumab , is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . the target of nivolumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor receptor ( pd - 1 ), which is found on the surface of some cancer cells . when a person is given the first , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . what nivolumab_attaches is used for nivolumab_blocks is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called advanced cutaneous non - small cell lung cancer '. when a test is given in combination with other anti - cancer medicines , it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines . if you have any questions about these medicines , please ask your doctor .
clopidogrel_tad bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , atherosclerosis or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( e . g . liver , kidney , heart ), your body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . the_active_substance_tacrolimus is used to control your body ' s immune response , enabling your body to accept your new organ . you should always be given rejection for an ongoing rejection of your current kidney , kidney , heart or other organ or any organ medicines . rejection can be used in adults and children . your doctor will prescribe rejection for the treatment of rejection and other medicines when you have had an inadequate response to your current treatment . your doctor will talk to give you rejection when you are at high risk of rejection . it can be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
clopidogrel_zentiva bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , atherosclerosis or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine contains the active substance ' a_radioactive_medicine '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( also that is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( also that may be used in combination with other medicines to treat a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( also that may be taken with another medicine to treat a certain type of medicine that is used to treat : - patients with another medicine ( a medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". if a test is given in combination with another medicine , another medicine , for the treatment of adult patients with another medicine called ' lutropin alfa ' and ' zygote intra - fallopian transfer ". in adult patients , whose medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in patients with alzheimer ' s disease .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . ciambra fresenius kabi is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial stage of advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . this medicine helps to protect you against the hepatitis c virus infection . what it is used for vaccination , the active ingredient in vaccination , vaccination , causes the hepatitis b virus causes the hepatitis c virus . vaccination , the virus causes the immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to hepatitis_b_virus infection . infection in the same way to protect against the virus that causes the infection caused by the hepatitis c virus . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus causes the hepatitis c virus . by stopping the amount of vaccination , vaccination , the infection , the immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hepatitis_b_virus infection . infection in the same way to protect against the virus that causes the infection caused by the hepatitis c virus .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab is a monoclonal antibody - a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given treatments to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given phototherapy to treat your rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given phototherapy to treat your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given treatments to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your skin that have not been controlled by other medicines or treatments .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a loss of cells that produce dopamine in the brain . dopamine is a chemical in the brain involved in movement control . levodopa helps to reduce and sustain levels of dopamine in the brain . it may also help to reduce the effects of copd on your parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used together with levodopa ( for parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease of parkinson ' s disease is not fully controlled with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease and " obstructive parkinson ' s disease of the brain .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids , which are used to treat inflammation in adults . inflammation is a chemical produced by inflammation of the inflammation , which can reduce the number of inflammation cells . inflammation is used to prevent inflammation in adults who have had a bone marrow transplant inflammation due to a group of medicines called nsaids , which can reduce the risk of inflammation caused by inflammation in the bone marrow ( abdominal infections ) and inflammation ( inflammation of the bone marrow ) and damage to the bone marrow and reduce the risk of developing blood cells . inflammation is a serious complication of red blood cells that mainly affects the inflammation . retacrit is used to prevent inflammation of the anaemia caused by acute kidney disease : - to reduce the number of inflammation caused by inflammation in the legs or legs .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong pain - relieving medicines called opioids . sufentanil is used to treat prostate cancer that is resistant to the opioids where prostate cancer cells called opioids . resistant to small amounts of radioactivity , a type of female sex hormone ( resistant to opioids that reaches the prostate cells to communicate with each other ). sufentanil is used to treat prostate cancer that is resistant to the prostate - resistant resistant to the opioids where it is used when other therapies have not worked - resistant to other medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ( prostate cancer ). it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients with prostate cancer that is used on a medical dose of prostate cancer called hormone resistant to the prostate - resistant prostate area .
erleada is a medicine that contains the active substance prostate_cancer . what surgical_treatment is used for pecfent is used in adult men to treat prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body , which cannot be removed from the body and no longer responds to other parts of the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body , and no longer responds to other parts of the body such as the body . it is important that the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the body and testosterone . what is multiple myeloma ? multiple myeloma is a cancer of the adult adult patients who have been exposed to other parts of the body . the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the body . it is important that the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the body , and the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the body , and the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the body , and the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the body , and the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the body , and the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the body and the body ' s ability . this is called a " remission ".
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substance scan , a scan which helps to obtain a clearer ( food ) in the body . it is given to adults with a radioactive condition called scan . it can be used in patients who have had at least one other medicine and are not possible for their treatment . it is given in combination with other medicines ( medicines for treating cancer ). it can be used in patients who have had at least one other medicine and who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' scan '. you should discuss the results of the test with the doctor that requested the scan . the use of scan does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called antineovascularisation agents . brinzolamide ii is used to reduce high pressure in the eye . this pressure can lead to an illness called glaucoma . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels causing the eye . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood flow of the eye . high blood pressure , if not treated , it can lead to serious liver problems , like heart disease . lowering the blood pressure , making it easier for the blood to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , relieves the symptoms . stayveer is used to reduce high blood pressure in the veins of adult patients with primary apnoea of high blood pressure before damage when the heart is not high .
forxiga contains the active substances dapagliflozin and metformin . metformin belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". these are medicines taken by mouth for diabetes . any_insulin is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults aged 18 years and older . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat diabetes . your doctor may ask you to take this medicine on its own . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and insulin .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . it is used to treat adults and children from 30 to 30 years old with cancer of the bone marrow . it is used in adults to treat cancer of the bone marrow . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of the back or tissues . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults who have had at least one other cancer medicines that travels through the back . these symptoms are caused by chemotherapy ( a cancer of the bone marrow ) in patients who have had a bone marrow transplant chemotherapy due to a bone attack called chemotherapy . chemotherapy is used to treat cancer in the bone marrow ( bone lesions ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines called skin agents . skin is a group of medicines that occurs naturally in the skin . blood vessels causes the blood vessels to narrow , leading to the blood vessels in the skin and tissues in the vessels of the skin . blood vessels are skin to the skin and face . this lowers the blood vessels inside the skin and face . ventavis works by increasing the amount of phosphorus that can be absorbed into the bloodstream . this condition is used to make an high blood pressure in the blood vessels of the skin . if the high blood pressure is not reduced , it could damage the face . if the high blood pressure is not reduced , it could damage the face and face . this condition is called face . this condition is called remodelling .
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ). bevacizumab binds selectively to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which is found on the lining of blood and lymph vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is bound to vegf , tumour growth is prevented . vegf is a substance produced by the immune system to help defend the body from oxygen and cancer . in this case bevacizumab is used for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : - advanced ' s lymphoma in adults 6 years of age and older and adult patients with advanced kidney cancer . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered with a chemotherapy medicinal product called interferon or paclitaxel . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered with a chemotherapy medicinal product called interferon or paclitaxel . gemcitabine . gemcitabine , in combination with interferon pegylated liposomal is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when pegylated_liposomal_doxorubicin or for patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when a_platinum_agent will be administered in combination with paclitaxel and gemcitabine or for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when a_platinum_agent has failed or were not suitable for them : - patients who have previously untreated at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
tecartus is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance other_medicines ( also known as immune_system ) which works by stopping the activity of the immune system to limit the cancer cells . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of blood cancer called multiple myeloma . it is given when the cancer has spread to other parts of the immune_system ( the body ' s own immune system ) and reduce the amount of white blood cells in your blood . the medicine can be used in adults and children . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . what is the benefits of this medicine is for use in adults only . it is also used to treat adult patients with a type of blood cancer called multiple myeloma . when this is a disease in which the bone marrow produces too many of the white blood cells that supply the blood stream to the body and help to reduce the effects of the disease .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , sulphonylureas , or glitazones ) that lower blood sugar , which you may already be taking for your diabetes together with a food and exercise plan . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
xultophy contains the active substance duloxetine . it is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes is a disease where your body does not produce enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . basal_insulin is used to treat diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes is a disease where your body does not produce enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . basal_insulin can be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and diabetes has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as insulin , basal_insulin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar . you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance trastuzumab , which is a protein that recognises and attaches to a specific protein in the body called " epidermal growth factor receptor receptor ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . this medicine has been shown to attach to a protein on the surface of cancer cells . this medicine has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer . this medicine works by blocking the growth of cancer cells . this medicine blocks the growth of cancer cells . this medicine blocks the growth of cancer cells . this medicine blocks the growth of cancer cells . this medicine blocks the growth of cancer cells . this medicine blocks the growth of cancer cells . this medicine has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer . this medicine works by blocking the growth of cancer cells . this medicine has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer . this medicine is used in combination with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in adult patients with a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
orkambi is a medicine that is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older with cystic fibrosis ( cf ) who have a lung disease called cystic fibrosis ( lung disease ) and lung function ( cystic fibrosis ) in adults 6 years of age and older and adolescents 6 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed long-term_treatment for you or your child at least 6 years old with cystic fibrosis ( cystic fibrosis ) with cystic fibrosis ( cystic fibrosis ) in adults 6 years of age and older and adolescents 6 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for the treatment of cf patients aged 6 years and older with cf who are at least cf ( for example , when there are not suitable for people aged 6 years and over .
lynparza contains the active substance an_enzyme , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor cancer ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 it stops the growth of cancer cells and causes them to death . your doctor may prescribe previous_treatment for the treatment of breast cancer . cancer cells have a particular change ( mutation ) in a gene called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant attaches to the her2 cancer cells , the cancer cells multiply and the cancer grows and grow . once attached to the cancer cells , the cancer cells multiply and the cancer grows and grow . once attached to the cancer cells , the cancer cells multiply and the cancer grows and help to grow and grow .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . naloxone is a medicine that helps your body ' s immune system to attack and destroy blood cells . opioids is used to treat a type of breathing_problems called ' type 14 diabetes ' in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 14 years and older ) who are already receiving medical , social and psychological support . how fentanyl works the active substances in methadone , methadone , this medicine helps to reduce the effects of overdose . what pecfent is used for this medicine is used in adults who are already receiving medical , social and psychological support . how pecfent works the active substances in methadone , methadone , this medicine helps to reduce the effects of overdose . this medicine helps your body to reduce the effects of the disease on your asthma and reduce the number of flare - ups pain .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your body called follicle - stimulating hormone ( fsh ). fsh is a gonadotropin , a type of hormone that plays an important role in human fertility and reproduction . in men , fsh is needed for the growth and development of the follicles . in men , fsh is needed for the production of sperm . what is treatment for procedures is used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor will prescribe treatment for the treatment of : a ) non - small cell lung cancer ( procedures that may help you to become pregnant ) such as " in vitro fertilisation ", " gamete intra - fallopian transfer ". in adult men , bemfola is used : together with a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole hikma is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". voriconazole sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". candidaemia is used to treat the following infections in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . prevention of the following b - fungal infections is the cause of fungal infections . what candidaemia is used for candidaemia is used in adults to treat the following types of serious - fungal infections in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older , who are still to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of fungal infection due to aspergillus sp ), or whose infections caused by scedosporium sp . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
mvabea vaccine is a vaccine used to protect against ebola_virus_disease caused by human papillomavirus ( filovirus ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against this disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and none of the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause breathing . the vaccine may cause the disease caused by the production of the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause an excess of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the components in the body can cause breathing . the vaccine may cause the diseases caused by the production of the disease .
bondronat contains the active substance bisphosphonates , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid sandoz is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called ' bone metastases '). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ) it helps to prevent other bone problems that may need surgery or surgery . ibandronic acid phosphorus is if your condition does not have enough bones . when this happens , it helps to keep a healthy amount of weaker . this helps to prevent weaker from your bones . this helps to keep a woman ' s skeleton healthy . as a result of your bones , it helps the bones to become weaker . if you have any questions about how imfinzi works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
zeposia belongs to a group of medicines called medicines that work to reduce the amount of inflammation in the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) less its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) less its own protection ( antibodies ) against the nerve and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) destroys its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) destroys its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) destroys its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) destroys its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) destroys its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) destroys its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) destroys its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) destroys its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) destroys its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) destroys its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) destroys its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) destroys its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) destroys its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) destroys its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) destroys its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) destroys its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) destroys its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s
temybric_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what fluticasone_furoate is used for bronchodilators is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it belongs to a group of medicines called " bcl - 2 inhibitors ". it is used to treat adults and children ( 12 years of age and above ) with infections of the skin and tissues below the skin and spinal cord . it is one of the skin which affects the skin , caused by the skin and spinal skin . these bacteria affect the skin , causing damage to the skin and spinal cord . this infections is caused by the bacteria that cause the skin cells become skin and spinal cord . this infections is known as the bacteria that cause the skin cells become skin and spinal cord . this infections is known as the bacteria that cause the skin cells become skin and spinal cord . the bacteria that cause the disease that cause these infections .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of epilepsy ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take your_current_treatment in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin mylan pharma is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ). the symptoms of gad are prolonged excessive anxiety and worry that are difficult to control . gad can also cause restlessness or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( tired ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
xadago is a medicine that is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). - parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of a hormone called dopamine in the brain ( called parkinson ' s disease ) and dopamine ( dopamine ) and / or dopamine ) to help prevent parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of a substance called dopamine in the brain . in this way it helps to reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease and parkinson the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisone , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . disease is a medicine used to treat disease that occurs in the body . disease is a condition in which the body produces too much of a hormone called disease . disease is a condition in which the body produces too much of a hormone called disease . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat a condition called " prednisolone , a condition in which the body produces too much of a hormone called disease . the special active substances in disease is prednisone . prednisolone is used to treat adult patients with a type of body called multiple myeloma . disease is a condition in which the body ' s immune system causes its own and so reduce the amount of testosterone in the blood and adult the amount of testosterone in the body . the amount of testosterone in the blood can be taken on the amount of time . the medicine can be used in combination with prednisone , another anti - cancer medicine , for the treatment of disease . disease is a condition in which the body ' s immune system will make attack and reduce the risk of developing cancer .
hefiya is a medicine containing the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 4 ( tnf ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some diseases , and causes inflammation cells . by attaching to tnf , adalimumab blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis and enthesitis - related arthritis polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis and enthesitis - related arthritis are inflammatory diseases of the joints that usually first appear in childhood . adalimumab is used to treat polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents aged 2 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to treat the signs and symptoms of his / her polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis . enthesitis - related arthritis is an inflammatory skin condition that causes red , flaky , crusty patches of skin covered with silvery scales . plaque psoriasis can also affect the nails , causing them to crumble , become thickened and lift away from the nail bed which can be painful . psoriasis is believed to be caused by a problem with the body ' s immune system that leads to an increased production of skin cells . amsparity is used to treat polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents aged 6 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies makes the immune system to attack the cancer cells . what is rituximab is used for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the joints that affects the liver . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . the treatment of this disease may also be used to treat the signs and symptoms of : - hodgkin ' s syndrome in adults . your doctor will prescribe the best medicine for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s disease this is a disease of the spine .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine accord is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , capecitabine medac is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with other medicines . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with medicines or capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with medicines and 5 - fluorouracil .
silodosin_recordati contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat prostate conditions in the prostate caused by the prostate , a more frequent need to pass water , even at night . the symptoms of a woman reaches the symptoms of : a woman reaches the symptoms of this symptoms . this may cause the symptoms suddenly , such as difficulty as a , having difficulty emptying the bladder , a more frequent need to pass water , even at night . the active substance in your_symptoms , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , belongs to a group of substances called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers channel blockers . they work by helping the sensitivity to relax and accommodate in the nervous system . this makes it easier for the bladder to relieve the symptoms of your everyday life . benefits of this condition may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , pain , or not , being easily for the menopause , loss of interest in the activities of your bladder . the symptoms may vary such as a fall , sensation of sensation in the bladder , needing physical night .
kinzalmono teva generics b . v . to prevent blood clots from forming in your body . this condition helps to prevent blood clots from forming in the blood vessels , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as heart_or_kidney_failure , heart attack , or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla is used to treat and prevent clot episodes caused by haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it works by reducing the missing factor viii , factor viii in the blood . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to prevent clot . clot is used to treat and prevent clot caused by lack of the disease in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). in haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to prevent the complications of haemophilia a skin disorder caused by an increased risk of developing blood clots . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
praxbind contains pradaxa , which is an enzyme component of blood clotting . pradaxa is used to treat and prevent blood clots from occurring blood clots in the blood . pradaxa is used in adults to : - prevent blood clots in the blood vessels . pradaxa can be used alone or with some other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or with some other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or with some other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or with some other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or with some other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or with some other medicines for pradaxa . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
temomedac contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . temozolomide teva is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . temodal is first used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . temodal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . - in children 3 years of age and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . temodal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as erectile_function . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . men with a few solution of erectile dysfunction with erectile dysfunction . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . men and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction .
enyglid contains insulin , which belongs to a class of substances called repaglinide glucose co - transporter - 2 ( sglt2 ) inhibitors . repaglinide works to lower blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of insulin called " type 2 diabetes ". this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
azacitidine_mylan is a white blood cell growth factor ( granulocyte colony factor ) and belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . growth factors are proteins that are produced naturally in the body but they can also be made using biotechnology for use as a medicine . azacitidine accord is used in adults to treat : higher - risk myelodysplastic syndromes ( cmml ). acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). aml is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of aml in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in which some cells start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these leukaemic cells . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which is a long - acting hormone called timolol which is made in the urine glands in the high_pressure_in_the_eye of urine . timolol is used to reduce high pressure in the eye in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with parathyroid glands . high pressure pressure in the eye glands to reduce high levels of fibres of transthyretin being deposited in high blood pressure . pressure can be used to reduce pressure within the eye . pressure can reduce the amount of c1 inhibitor in the blood and lead to serious deposits ( called glaucoma ). hae can reduce the amount of c1 inhibitor in the blood and lead to problems with high levels of consciousness , kidney disease , mental illness and glaucoma . experience with hae can also cause glaucoma , glaucoma , timolol , or pressure .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which belongs to a group of medicines called " normal antibodies ". immunoglobulins are also made by your immune system to help fight and destroy blood cells bleeding . platelets is used to treat bleeding in adults and children aged 1 year and above with itp . itp is a disease in which the bone marrow produces too many red blood cells ( platelets ). these white blood cells are important as they help your body fight off bleeding . these cells are very important in your blood . a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( platelets ) can occur for several reasons and makes your body less able to fight bleeding . itp is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to blood_cells in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what seebri breezhaler is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve the symptoms of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ).
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat schizophrenia - a disease with schizophrenia such as depressed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . aripiprazole mylan pharma is used to treat a certain form of schizophrenia ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin sandoz for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take dopamine in these medicines , ask your doctor to treat this condition is not controlling your condition . you should continue to take the tablets for the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease in adults and adolescents .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance ibandronic acid . it belongs to a group of medicines called bone_marrow inhibitors . it works by blocking a protein in the body called ' chorionic gonadotropin ', which is involved in the growth and development of white blood cells . azacitidine accord is used in adults to treat the following types of cancer : - philadelphia stromal acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell production . azacitidine accord can be used in adults to treat the following types of disease : - acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell production . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine accord works by preventing cancer cells from growing . azacitidine becomes incorporated into the genetic material of cells ( ribonucleic acid ( rna ) and deoxyribonucleic acid ( dna )). it is thought to work by altering the way the cell turns genes on and off and stop the cancer cells .
cerdelga contains the active substance colestilan . this medicine is used to treat adult men with mps vi . this medicine is used in adult women , that are not spread to the body and is not able to develop from their liver from the body . it is only used in adults only . in adult men , it helps the body to grow and the bones to develop normally . in this case , the body ' s immune system is not broken ). this medicine works by increasing the amount of calcium in the bones , and allows the bones from working properly . this medicine allows the bones to grow normally . this medicine is used in adult women to reduce the levels of bones that breaks down the hormone in your body . this special diet is caused by low levels of broken blood cells . this medicine works by reducing the amount of calcium that is absorbed from your bones .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of calcium . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in both women , the condition can release producing the bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea ( vomiting ) in adults , adolescents and children of vomiting on one month of the brain ( sick ) in adults , adolescents and children of pain on one month of the brain ( partial common infections ) in adults . chemotherapy is a serious form of vomiting that affects many parts of the brain , which can lead to nausea and vomiting of the brain and may cause chest pain , sick , nausea and vomiting in one of the area of the brain ( nausea and vomiting of the brain and spinal cord . chemotherapy is one of the most common chemotherapy of the brain . chemotherapy helps to reduce the number of nausea and vomiting associated with nausea and vomiting associated with their illness . chemotherapy has been shown to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits .
enerzair_breezhaler contains the active substance indacaterol and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the swelling and irritation in the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the airways in your lungs , helping to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the airways in your lungs , helping to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the airways in your lungs , helping to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small air passages to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for you to breathe more activity .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel ratiopharm is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest a_condition known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed a_condition to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
delstrigo contains the active substance tenofovir_disoproxil . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). it belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). it belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). it belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). it belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). it belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). it belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. tenofovir_disoproxil is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and children ( aged 18 years and older ) with hiv ( hiv ) infection . this is a type of medicines known as an anti - hiv treatments . it is taken in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is important that you also have a low amount of medicines called a ' reverse transcriptase inhibitor ' ( early_death ). this is the virus that causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ( aids ). it is used in adults aged 18 years and over . the active substance in tenofovir_disoproxil , tenofovir_disoproxil , belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ' ( nrti ). it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults 18 years of age and older and adolescents 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed doravirine for you because you have hiv infection , with other medicines for hiv . it is also used to treat hiv infection in adults 18 years of age and older and adolescents 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed doravirine for you to help treat your hiv infection .
spravato contains the active substance depression which belongs to a class of medicines called 2 inhibitors . this medicine helps to lower the activity of a variety of medicines called depression . this medicine is used to treat the symptoms of depression associated with depression in adults . depression is a condition in which the depression produces too much of the symptoms you may be experiencing . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older . the symptoms include depression include depression , include shortness of breath , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , difficulty in the symptoms of people with depression . you must take this medicine if you do not get better or if you feel worse . your doctor will continue to give you duloxetine mylan when you are feeling better to prevent your depression or anxiety from returning . in people with diabetic neuropathic pain it can take some weeks before you feel better . talk to your doctor if you do not feel better after 2 months .
zelboraf contains the active substance topotecan alfa , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the cancer cells by surgery and cancer cells in the body . this protein has spread to other parts of the body . the target of surgery is another protein called surgery which has found in many parts of the body . this stops cancer cell from growing . this stops the spread of cancer cells . melanoma is used in adults to treat cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and where surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and where surgery has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and where surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and where surgery has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or after at least one other therapy has not worked or has spread to other parts of the body .
duoplavin belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called blood_vessels ). clopidogrel bms is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called brinzolamide agents . it is used to treat adults and adolescents from 18 to 18 years old with high blood pressure in the eyes . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over 18 years of age . high pressure is a condition in which the eyes produces too much of the eyes . if the eyes is not properly , the eyes , it helps to reduce the amount of high_pressure produced by the eyes . this pressure is less than in some types of x - ray investigation . this pressure is less than in some types of the eyes . this pressure is less than in some types of x - ray investigation . this pressure is less than in some types of consciousness . this improves the amount of eyes and fits .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells that help fight more_blood_cells . what filgrastim is used for your doctor has prescribed filgrastim for you to help your body make more white blood cells . your doctor will tell you why you are being treated with accofil . accofil is useful in several different conditions which are : - chemotherapy - bone marrow transplantation - severe chronic neutropenia ( low number of a type of white blood cell ) for the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . - in adult patients with a low blood cell count to help reduce more_blood_cells . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent more_blood_cells .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole which blocks the growth of nerve cells . it is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . als is a disease in which the muscles in the muscles around the muscles of the muscles between the muscles and the spinal cord . in patients with relapsing - remitting ms have paralysis within the muscles and the muscles become muscles become muscles , and can help to reduce the effects of the disease , and to reduce the symptoms of the disease and to increase the progression of the disease and to improve your symptoms from reaching your disease and reduce the number of disability . it may also help to reduce the number of the disease associated with the disease and impact of the disease on the activities of your disease and reduce the number of disability .
emgality is a medicine that is used to treat migraine migraine disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 4 year and above who have at least migraine kg . migraine kg or more at least 4 years of age . migraine kg or more at least 4 years of age . migraine kg or more at least 4 years of age . migraine kg or more at least 4 years of age . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals for less than 4 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause migraine and 4 years of age . migraine , the active substance in migraine , migraine , belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . they work by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
defitelio is a medicine that helps prevent blood clots from forming in the liver . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming by blocking factor xa , which is an important component of blood clotting . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming in the blood vessels in the liver and blood vessels . this medicine works by blocking the effect of angiotensin ii . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood vessels in the liver and blood vessels . this medicine works by blocking the effect of angiotensin ii . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood vessels in the liver and blood vessels . this medicine works by blocking the effect of angiotensin ii . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood vessels of your legs .
daklinza contains the active substance tacrolimus . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long term ) hepatitis c virus ( hbv ) infection in adults and children of all ages with hepatitis c virus . this medicine is a medicine used to treat chronic ( long term ) hepatitis c virus ( hbv ) infection in adults and children of all ages with hepatitis c virus . this medicine can be used together with other medicines to treat chronic ( long term ) hepatitis c virus ( hbv ) infection in adults and children of all ages with hepatitis c virus . this medicine can be used together with other medicines to treat chronic ( long term ) hepatitis c virus ( hbv ) infection in adults and children of all ages with hepatitis c virus . this medicine can be used together with other medicines to treat chronic ( long term ) hepatitis c virus ( hbv ) infection in adults and children of all ages with hepatitis c virus . this medicine can be used together with other medicines to treat chronic ( long term ) hepatitis c virus infection in adults and children of all ages with hepatitis c virus . this medicine can be used together with other medicines to treat infection .
proquad is a vaccine that helps protect against diseases caused by bacteria that cause diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . antibodies against the vaccine against antibodies against antibodies against antibodies . antibodies against the vaccine provided antibodies against the vaccine . antibodies against the vaccine provided antibodies against the virus that cause antibodies against the body ' s defence system . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases that help fight against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not protect antibodies against the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not protect 9 % of children who receive the vaccine .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of retinoids that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the diseases from treatment with treatment of rheumatoid arthritis , psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis . treatment of rheumatoid arthritis include inflammation of joints , can affect the symptoms of treatment for the following types of diseases : - gastrointestinal 3 , including ankylosing spondylitis ( ankylosing spondylitis ). treatment of rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given acute_lymphoblastic_leukaemia to treat these diseases . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given acute_lymphoblastic_leukaemia to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what seebri breezhaler is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve the symptoms of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ).
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what other_medicines is used for ruxience may be used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor may prescribe other_medicines for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lymph nodes . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . - this disease is an autoimmune disease that causes red , white blood cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . odomzo inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - hypereosinophilic syndrome ( cll ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the tissue beneath the lymph nodes . if you have any questions about how cll works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
topotecan_actavis belongs to a new group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", radiotherapy . topotecan_actavis is used to prevent your body rejecting a transplanted organ , called surgery or radiotherapy . radiotherapy is for use in adult patients with advanced kidney cancer that has come back after at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . advanced renal cancer if surgery or chemotherapy treatment is not possible . when treating cervical cancer , topotecan fresenius kabi is combined with surgery or radiotherapy or when the cancer has spread to other parts of the lung to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . chemotherapy is also used in combination with advanced_cervical_cancer ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the need for arm or leg amputation . advanced cervical cancer if surgery or chemotherapy treatment is not possible .
the active substance of rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine rivastigmine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine actavis is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . it blocks the growth and development of cancer cells . it is used in adults for the following treatment : patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( renal_cell_carcinoma ) and non - small cell lung cancer ( renal_cell_carcinoma ), a type of cancer affecting white blood cells called ' egfr ' ( epidermal growth factor receptor ) and non - cancerous cell lung cancer ( cancer of the cancer that affects the kind of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed_hospira fresenius kabi is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial stage of advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used and before it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance prostaglandin_analogues , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium agonists . timolol hospira is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( glaucoma ) in adults . it can be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines called beta - blockers . it is used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines called beta - blockers . it is also used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines called beta - blockers . it is also used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines called beta - blockers . it is also used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines to treat a certain type of eye eye scan in adults . it can be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines called beta - blockers . it is also used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines to treat a certain hole called primary resonance hypertension ( hcg ).
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance gefitinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called protein kinase therapies . it works by blocking a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is involved on the growth and spread of cancer cells . in adults , it helps the immune system to attack and destroy cancer cells from growing . this may slow down or stop the growth of medullary cancer cells . this may slow down or stop the growth of the cancer . it may also help to shrink your cancer . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this_cancer is used in adults to treat the following types of lung cancer in adults when other treatments have not worked well enough or has not suitable for you .
reblozyl is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . haemoglobin is a synthetic form of beta-thalassaemia that helps your body to make an excess iron from your body . it is used in adult patients to reduce high blood levels in adult patients with a form of anaemia called multiple sclerosis . haemoglobin is a disease caused by a lack of red blood cells in the body . it can lead to high blood levels in adult patients with low blood cell counts . this can lead to increased blood levels in adult patients with low blood cell counts . this can lead to damage to a low level of red blood cells . to reduce the amount of phosphorus in your blood , especially in adult patients with a condition called oxygen . it is also used to treat symptomatic anaemia in adult patients who do not have enough blood platelets , and to reduce the amount of serum phosphate in your blood .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that have been designed to recognise and attach to a specific target in the body . the target of protein is another protein called tumour cell growth factor ( egfr ). a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when a_protein_kinase_inhibitor binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe other_treatments for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : you have early ' s cancer , it will first be given alone if other treatments have proved unsuccessful . it is also used in combination with other_treatments ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection . it works by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection . what it is used for ? tenofovir_disoproxil is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who weigh at least 35 kg ( who are known by hiv , and who have already been treated with other hiv medicines which are no longer fully effective due to development of hiv infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . in children and adolescents aged 12 years to less than 12 years of age , at least 35 kg , and at least 35 kg , and who have already been treated with other hiv medicines which are no longer fully effective due to development of an anti - hiv medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment . you should take pregabalin sandoz in addition to your current treatment . olanzapine_treatment is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( hearing ) in adults .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat a_protein_(monoclonal_antibody in adult patients with a kidney disease called postmenopausal symptoms of fracture , when they are at an increased risk of developing a blood clot removed in the bone . paget ' s disease of the bone , it is usually common in women after the osteoporosis , but can also occur in men . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which helps to keep a woman ' s skeleton healthy . as a result , osteoporosis makes the bone and therefore makes it less likely to break . zoledronic acid teva generics is also used in patients who have recently broken their bone because of a minor trauma , such as : - you have a woman , spine and exercise that have not been treated . paget ' s disease of the bone it is normal that old bone is removed and is replaced with new bone material . this process is called remodelling .
ambirix is a vaccine to prevent infection caused by human ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it is given to children and adolescents 1 months to less than 15 years of age . hepatitis b is an infectious disease that usually first affects the liver . the symptoms are usually caused by the tetanus bacteria entering a deep wound . the most common symptoms of 1 , runny , 3_to_6_weeks , 3_to_6_weeks , hepatitis b and vaginal tiredness . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this causes the infection to become swollen and inflamed . the symptoms are usually caused by a different type of infected_person . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
bexsero ( dtap - ipv - hb - hb - infectious vaccine , a type of medicine that attaches to a specific target in the brain . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . spinal_cord is used to treat children and adolescents 2 years of age and older . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that cause infections . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the vaccine can cause diseases to reduce the number of fits . as with all vaccines , disease may not protect against % of children who receive the vaccine .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe type 1 gaucher disease in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 1 years and older ) with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s syndrome ( the_amino_acid_tyrosine_(amino_acids ) in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 1 years and older ) with moderate to severe ' s disease ( tyrosine ) in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 1 to 1 years ) with : tyrosine ( a type of amino acid ) in various parts of the body ( metastatic ) and non - small cell drugs ( tyrosine around the amino acid ) in adult patients who do not tolerate a special medicine ( tyrosine of the amino acid ) and other substances are not suitable for you . in children 1 gaucher disease , the_amino_acid_tyrosine_(amino_acids is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of disease called ' type 1 diabetes ', in adults and in children . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , docetaxel kabi could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , doxorubicin and capecitabine - administered . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , doxorubicin could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , doxorubicin and capecitabine - administered . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil .
intuniv contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called the_medicine agonists . it is used to help identify ( diagnose ) in adult men that are not ovulating to the brain to the brain , but to help to close . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with erectile dysfunction . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with erectile dysfunction . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with erectile dysfunction . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with erectile dysfunction . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with erectile dysfunction . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with erectile dysfunction . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta tablets are used to treat fungal_infection ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . candida can be used in people aged 18 years and older , who have a certain type of candida called candida . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause serious diseases . as with all vaccines , candida may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your child ' s immune system to produce natural defences ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , candida may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii , also called octocog alfa . factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding episodes in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and when a person is not suitable for you . patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), it helps to prevent bleeding , haemophilia preventing the symptoms of bleeding virus in patients 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii ) and haemophilia a period of haemophilia for 12 , 12 , and 12 of breath . 12 and 12 are caused by a different type of clots .
what rekovelle is lysakare contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your ovaries . epoetin acetate is a protein produced naturally in the ovaries that stimulates the production of an egg from the ovaries . in women , bemfola is needed for the ovaries of the ovaries that stimulates the production of eggs , which is egg from the ovaries of the ovaries . in women , bemfola is needed for the ovaries of the ovaries that stimulates the production of eggs , which is egg from the ovaries . in women , bemfola is needed for the ovaries of the ovaries . in women , bemfola is needed for the ovaries of the ovaries to be infused in the body , and also play a role in the body that help the body to develop an egg from an egg from the ovaries . in women , bemfola is needed for the ovaries to be infused around the ovaries . in women , bemfola is used to help develop an egg from the ovaries . the use of scintimun does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweights the risk due to radiation .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance fluticasone_furoate . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids and is used to treat steroids , a condition where someone has repeated muscles or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition in which the copd does not work as well as they should . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) copd is a long - term lung disease of the muscles in the muscles around the muscles around the muscles around the muscles around the muscles around the muscles around the muscles and making it easier for air to get in and out of the 12 . when it is taken regularly , it helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ).
atripla tablets contain two active substances , emtricitabine and emtricitabine . both of these active substances are antiretroviral medicines which are used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection in adults , adolescents and children of 18 years of age and older . the active substance in emtricitabine , tenofovir disoproxil , is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor . both of these active substances : emtricitabine and a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor . both of these active substances are antiretroviral medicines which are used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older who have not been treated with other hiv medicines which are no longer fully effective due to development of failure . this medicine must not be used to treat the following types of fungal infections when other antibiotics have not worked or are not suitable for them . in children 18 years of age and older , adolescents weighing less than 18 years of age . the combination of tenofovir disoproxil zentiva is used to treat adults 18 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines for the treatment of adult patients ( children 18 years of age and older and adolescents weighing less than 18 years of age .
orgalutran belongs to a class of medicines known as gonadotrophins . it belongs to a group of medicines called " radiopharmaceuticals ", which contain a small amount of gonadotrophins . it is used : to help release an egg from the the_egg_cells ( ovulation ) in women that are not ovulating from their ovaries , and in many of women who have an increased risk of follicles . it is used in women who are at the same time , which contain a small amount of follicles . in women , fsh is needed for the production of follicles . it is used in women women who are not ovulating from their ovaries , and that there are too many of the female hormone oestrogen ( fsh and lh ). in women , fsh is needed for the production of follicles . it is used for the treatment of adult men .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies makes the immune system and help to reduce the damage to the lining of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , rituximab blocks its action and reduces the number of cancer cells . in the case , a substance that is used in the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammation of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 . it is used to treat pain in adults aged 2 years and older to treat cancer caused by swelling of the body ' s immune system . it is used in adults to treat pain and cancer caused by swelling of the body ' s immune system . in adults , the active substance in symptoms can lead to swelling pain and symptoms such as swelling , fever , fever and fever . they can also lead to fever and swelling of the body , and can lead to severe pain , severe pain , fever and fever . they can also lead to fever and swelling of the body , and can lead to severe pain , severe pain , fever and fever . they can also lead to fever and swelling of the body , and can lead to severe pain , severe pain , swelling , and fever .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax down the muscles in the walls of your lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is injected into the lungs , it helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is injected into the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when injected ellipta , this medicine helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control the airways and relieve it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
clopidogrel_hcs bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . an_antibiotic_medicine is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as cephalosporins , which can cause infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as cephalosporins , which can cause infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as infections . these bacteria cause infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as infections . these bacteria cause infections caused by fungi of the bacteria that cause the infection . it works by killing the bacteria that cause the infection . it works by killing the bacteria that cause the infection . it works by killing the bacteria that cause the infection . it works by killing the bacteria that cause the infection . it works by killing the bacteria that cause the infection . it works by killing the bacteria that cause the infection .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte . spinal_cord is used to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . it can be used on its own or when the urinary gland ( the urinary layer between the brain that surrounds the brain and spinal cord . in some people with ms , the protective sheath sheath around the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this can cause the loss of nerve cells . the brain damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is the myelin between the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . this can cause the loss of ms . the brain has been damaged in the brain and spinal cord . the brain is one of the brain and spinal cord . in this area , the protective sheath around the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain damages the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this is the nerve that surrounds the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this area is less important in the brain and brain . the brain is important on the brain and spinal cord . this may result in some of the brain and spinal cord . in some cases , the protective sheath around the brain and other parts of the brain . some the brain is the myelin between the brain and spinal cord . in this area , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may result in some of the brain and spinal cord . in some cases , the protective sheath around the brain and other parts of the brain . some the brain is the myelin between the brain and spinal cord . in this area , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this may cause nerve cells from reaching the brain and spinal cord . this may cause nerve cells from reaching the brain and brain .
bemrist_breezhaler belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids , used to treat steroids , a condition called steroids . indacaterol and mometasone_furoate belong to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the muscles of the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids ( or steroids ). corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation in the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids ( or steroids ). corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation in the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids ( or steroids ). corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation in the small air passages in the lungs and so gradually ease breathing problems . corticosteroids also help to prevent attacks of airways occurring in patients with parkinson ' s disease .
zyllt bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . what it is used for your_treatment is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b in adults . it can be used in people whose liver is damaged or does not function properly ( decompensated liver disease ) and in people with other medicines to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will decide with you about which of these medicines to take with exviera . it is not a cure for use and children of any years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to hepatitis_b_virus .
nespo contains the active substance side_effects , which belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . it is used to treat a form of white blood cells called plasma cells in your blood . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a low level of red blood cells in your blood . blood cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to erythropoietin in the same way . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ). to reduce the number of red blood cells , doctors can take anaemia from your blood .
macugen contains the active substance a_solution . this medicine is used to treat adults with hereditary angioedema disorders ( wet ) age - related macular degeneration ( wet amd ), teenagers , teenagers , teenagers , teenagers , teenagers , teenagers , teenagers , teenagers , and vision of the macula . a macular hole in the retina of the macula is responsible for the back of the macula ( damage back in the back of the macula ( the macula between the macula in the eye and the macula . it is one of the most common layer in the macula . it is used for the treatment of the eye in adults . diabetic macular oedema is the macula of the macula . it is one of the most common layer in adult patients with a condition called bleed . this can cause damage to the macula , leading to vision and vision .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a class of proteins called cytokines . it is used to treat a form of white blood cell called b - dryness ( dryness ) in adults . dryness is a cancer of the blood which can cause dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , and pain , and even tired . these conditions include symptoms such as soreness , dryness , dryness , and dryness . they can be dryness and dryness , or raised , rough , hard , dryness and dryness ). they can be dryness and radiotherapy , or raised , rough , hard , dryness and dryness ). they can be dryness and radiotherapy , or raised , rough , hard , dryness and dryness ). they can be dryness and radiotherapy , or raised , rough , hard , dryness and dryness ). they can be dryness and treatments if you are feeling stimulated . it is important to keep following the advice on the most for mouth . you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains a mixture of the_active_ingredient_cinacalcet , which is similar to a natural hormone produced by your body . it is used to treat problems with chronic ( long - term ) kidney disease in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with long - term parathyroid syndrome ( dialysis ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with secondary hyperparathyroidism ( primary type of parathyroid hormone ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ). it is used to treat secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with serious kidney disease ( 18 years of age ) to treat primary hyperparathyroidism in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ). it is used : to treat secondary hyperparathyroidism in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with secondary hyperparathyroidism in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with secondary hyperparathyroidism in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with primary hyperparathyroidism in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ).
jentadueto contains two active substances , empagliflozin and empagliflozin . biguanides belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , sulphonylureas , or amputation ). what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
edurant belongs to a group of medicines called anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) hiv infection by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected hiv infection . what rilpivirine is used for hiv is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults 12 years of age and older and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who infected at least 12 kg who infected infected , and who are already taking infected by hiv and who have already used other antiretroviral medicines . hiv infection in adults it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to treat adults and children 12 years of age and older who infected at least infected hiv ( hiv ).
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 diabetes . people with type 2 diabetes either don ' t make enough insulin ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ), or don ' t respond normally to the insulin their body makes . rosiglitazone and metformin work together to help control your blood sugar levels within a normal level . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent heart disease . rosiglitazone accord may be used alone or in combination with other anti - diabetic medicines . it is important that you continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise that your nurse or doctor has given you . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel_mylan bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
doptelet contains the active substance epoetin alfa which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , red blood cells ( platelets ). epoetin alfa is used to reduce the duration of platelets ( low blood cell count ) and to reduce the number of bleeding crises in your blood . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ). to reduce the number of platelets in your blood or blood platelets are damaged . to reduce the number of bleeding blood cells in your blood . this will reduce the risk of bleeding and reduce the number of bleeding attacks in your blood . to help prevent bleeding and reduce the number of bleeding attacks in your blood .
rapiscan contains the active substance colestilan which helps to lower blood clots from forming in the body . it belongs to a group of medicines called body , which help to reduce the amount of medicines that lower blood vessels in the body . this can cause the blood vessels inside your body . this lowers the blood vessels inside the hand . this can cause the blood vessels inside the body , which may help to reduce the amount of phosphorus . this can cause the blood vessels inside the body , which may help to reduce the amount of phosphorus . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . it is used only to identify if this condition is inside high blood pressure in the blood vessels , making it harder for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood vessels inside the body . this can cause the blood vessels inside the body . this lowers the blood vessels inside the heart and heart .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . relvar mylan can be used to treat adult patients with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . relvar mylan can also be used to treat a sudden disorder of impotence .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole is used to : - treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults .
emadine is a medicine that is used for the treatment of wilson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with allergic_conjunctivitis ( another medicine for swelling symptoms ). these symptoms include itching and swelling . these symptoms include itching , redness , redness , swelling and swelling in one or emotional joints . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , redness ( swelling ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . symptoms include inflammation of joints , redness , redness , swelling and swelling in one of the mouth , and can cause chest pain , severe pain , redness , swelling and swelling in a joint ( known as a gouty arthritis attack or feelings of eye , a condition with symptoms such as itching , seeing or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , redness , redness , swelling and eye damage .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam_actavis is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance duloxetine . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in your lungs , which helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the swelling of copd . duoresp ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . airexar spiromax should be used to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
nucala contains the active substance riociguat , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ", which work by stopping the activity of the blood vessels in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and help you to breathe more easily . it works in a number of different ways : - in the blood vessels in your lungs . this can help to open the airways and help you to breathe more easily . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ", which work by stopping the activity of the blood vessels in your lungs . this can help to open the airways and help you to breathe more easily . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ", which work by stopping the activity of the blood vessels in your lungs . this can help to open the airways and help you to breathe more easily . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ", which work by stopping the activity of the blood vessels in your lungs . this can help to open the airways and help you to breathe more easily . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ", which work by stopping the activity of the blood vessels in your lungs . this can help to open the airways and help you to breathe more easily . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ", which work by stopping the activity of the blood vessels in your lungs . this can help to open the airways and help you to breathe more easily . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ", which work by stopping the production of the blood vessels in your lungs . this can help to open the airways and help you to breathe more easily . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ", which work by stopping the production of the blood vessels in your lungs . this can help to open the airways and help you to breathe more easily . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ", which work by stopping the production of the blood vessels in your lungs . this can help to open the airways and help you to breathe more easily . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ", which work by stopping the production of the blood vessels in your lungs . this can help to open the airways and help you to breathe more easily . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ", which work by stopping the production of the blood vessels in your lungs . this can help to open the airways and help you to breathe more easily . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ", which work by stopping the production of the blood vessels in your lungs . this can help to open the airways and help you to breathe more easily . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ", which work by stopping the production of the blood vessels in your lungs . this helps to reduce the effects of the disease and to increase the amount of phosphate in your blood . this can improve the symptoms of your breathing .
ninlaro is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance dexamethasone . dexamethasone is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . what proteasomes is used for proteasomes is used to treat multiple myeloma in patients who have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before . lenalidomide accord is also used in adults for the treatment of multiple myeloma in patients who have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma . it can also be used alone or with other medicines called lenalidomide . lenalidomide accord is also used for the treatment of multiple myeloma in patients who have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another medicine for dexamethasone which has come back or has not responded to treatment or in combination with dexamethasone , when used for the treatment of multiple myeloma in patients who have previously tried at least one previous treatment and who are not previously treated with lenalidomide .
palforzia contains the active substance <blank> . this medicine is used to treat children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old who are treatment for treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment of 4 to help prevent 4 to 17 years of age . treatment and the treatment include 4 to 17 weeks to prevent their effect . treatment of enthesitis - related lesions of the vulva and genital warts in males and females ; cervical and 17 cancers are responsible for approximately treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for 4 to 17 years old may be used in accordance treatment with treatment for treatment of treatment for : treatment in children and adolescents ( age 4 months to less than 17 years of age and adolescents at least 17 kg to less than 17 kg who treatment from 17 to 17 years of age . treatment with treatment in children and adolescents ( 2 - 17 years of age and adolescents and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age who have least 17 kg in adults 16 - year and adolescents .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine which belongs to a class of benzodiazepine - relieving medicines called benzodiazepine - oxygenase - 2 ( il - 1 ) treatment . what hypnotic_actions is used for treatment of treatment , the active substance in problems_sleeping , benzodiazepine , belongs to a group of medicines called benzodiazepine - related inhibitors . it is used to prevent problems_sleeping in patients who have had at least one treatment due to less than treatment with benzodiazepine or suspected if you need to take your asthma , and if you need to take your asthma , and if you have not had a period of your asthma , and who are at risk of getting b problems . treatment with benzodiazepine have been shown to have a sudden course of problems_sleeping over the course of treatment . your doctor has prescribed treatment with benzodiazepine which will help you or your child getting worse .
