incivo , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . ribavirin biopartners must not be used without ribavirin . it is used in combination with other medicines with ribavirin . it is used alone or with other medicines called ribavirin . it is also used in combination with ribavirin in children and adolescents who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . for children and adolescents weighing less than peginterferon_alfa kg a solution formulation is available . previously treated adult patients : the combination of ribavirin biopartners with ribavirin alfa - 2b is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zinbryta is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . ms is a long - term disease that affects the central nervous system ( nerves ), including the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath ( nerves ) around the brain and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing accord is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . ms is a long - term disease that affects the central nervous system ( nerves ), including the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own inflammation and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting ms is inflammation of the muscles between the brain and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms .
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called " liver medicines ". it is used to treat liver_damage in adults . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines ( also known as liver_damage ). it is used to treat liver_damage in adults . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines ( also known as liver_damage ). it is used to treat chronic ( long term ) hepatitis b ( liver_damage ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) before they reach the liver . in people with hepatitis b , the hepatitis c may lead to muscle weakness . this can lead to serious problems or such as " high levels of breath . this can lead to serious problems or such as the course of liver_damage ( short - 1 ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) before they reach the liver .
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and above . hiv is the virus that causes acquired immune deficiency syndrome ( hiv - 1 ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years of age and older . infection is a disease with human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ). it is used to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and above . your doctor has prescribed efavirenz for you because you have hiv infection or other illnesses used to treat hiv infection in adults and children aged 1 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you because your child does not make enough well ( your child , it is still that your child tells you to reduce the advice in your child .
novonorm contains insulin , which helps to control blood sugar ( glucose ) in your blood . repaglinide works by blocking the sglt2 protein in your pancreas . insulin helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether the_insulin is working 3 to glucose minutes after you start taking it . repaglinide krka may also be used on its own in patients who are unable to take insulin , and where treatment with diet and exercise has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as insulin , insulin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent flu ( flu ). pandemic flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . it spreads rapidly around the world . the signs of pandemic flu are similar to those of ordinary flu but may be more serious . how adjupanrix works when a person is given the vaccine , the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is not used to prevent flu in adults and adolescents from 10 years of age . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is used : in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is used : in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called ' radiation '. in adult men , bemfola is used : together with other medicines called radiation and tumours ( medicines that may reduce the amount of body_areas in the body . the use of tumours does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus , which belongs to a group of substances called the_growth . growth factors are proteins that are involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . by attaching to vegf receptor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of some cancer cells and it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe the_tumour for the treatment of : a ) non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced renal cancer ) with non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
tremfya contains the active substance tremfya , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the skin . this medicine is used to treat adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis , a condition with symptoms such as burning , itching , itching or pain or pain . pain sensations may be described as hot , itching , itching , itching , itching , pain , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain and pain , pain and pain . pain sensations may also be described as hot , itching , itching , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain and pain , pain and pain . pain sensations may also be described as hot , itching , itching , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain and pain , pain and pain . pain sensations may also be described as hot , itching , itching , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , itching and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain . pain sensations may also be described as hot , itching , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , itching and pain or pain . pain sensations may also be described as hot , itching , itching , itching , itching , pain , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , itching and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain . pain sensations may also be described as hot , itching , itching , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain and pain , pain and pain . pain and severe pain include inflammation of joints , itching , scaling , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain . pain sensations may also be described as hot , itching , itching , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , itching and pain , and partial neuropathic pain , itching and pain . you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
trepulmix contains the active substance cteph , which belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is a substance occurring naturally in the body . it is used in adult patients to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult blood pressure in the blood vessels ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can lead to high blood pressure in the blood vessels , which could lead to serious heart problems , such as tiredness , tiredness , or cteph . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . it is a type of medicine called a ' monoclonal antibody '. it sticks to specific targets in your blood . this protein helps to lower blood clots from forming in your blood . your_dialysis_machine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 deficiency . in adults , children and children from 2 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower the chance of your blood clots ( operation ) in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older with ' type 2 deficiency ', in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . when you have type 2 diabetes , your body does not make enough operation , it reduces the chance of the blood to form clots .
senstend contains the active substance lidocaine , which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase anaesthetics . prilocaine is used to treat adult men with ejaculation known as ejaculation . it is also used to relieve pressure in the head of the penis in adults . it can be used on its own or with other medicines called prilocaine . it is also used in adults only . in men , it is used : to make an small condition known as " ejaculation . in adult men , it is used : on the last time in the head of your head . it is used for the treatment of adult men with the following situations : - in adult men , adolescents and children of prilocaine to one years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent ejaculation on the rest of your copd .
opdivo contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . nivolumab_blocks is used to treat adult patients with a type of breast cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ) whose cancer cells have specific mutations of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to slow down the diagnosis of certain cancer cells that have not responded to other therapies ( such as advanced_non-small_cell_lung_cancer , or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer ".
clopidogrel_tad contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and you cannot take medicines known as ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) which prevent new clots from forming and prevent existing clots from growing . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of clopidogrel and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( liver , kidney ), your body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . the_active_substance_tacrolimus is used to control your body ' s immune response , enabling your body to accept the heart functioning . you will also be given your_body's_immune_system for an ongoing rejection of your current liver , kidney , heart or other organ or rejection . rejection can be used in adults and children . your doctor will prescribe your_transplantation for the treatment of rejection and other medicines have been shown to control the diet and exercise that you have been given by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . you will receive pregabalin sandoz in addition to your current treatment . rejection is also used to treat rejection in adults . it can be used in combination with other medicines .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and you cannot take medicines known as ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) which prevent new clots from forming and prevent existing clots from growing . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of clopidogrel and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
this medicine contains the active substance a_radioactive_medicine , a medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a type of non - hodgkin non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma ( also that may be combined with another medicine called ' antiretrovirals '. it is used together with other medicines : ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( also that may be combined with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help control the level of certain cancer medicines in patients with non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is used together with other medicines : together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help control the development of certain cancer medicines . it is used together with other medicines : together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in patients with advanced non - fallopian medicines ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with the_initial_treatment for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial cancer , it will be given to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
immunogam contains the active substance immunogam , which belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . vaccination is a group of anti - retroviral medicine called vaccination . it is used to treat adults with severe hepatitis b virus infection in adults . vaccination is a long - term illness that affects the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and its immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and its own protection ( antibodies ) against the virus and infected the virus infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus causes the virus and causes the infection . what is vaccination used for vaccination is used to treat adults who are already infected with hepatitis b virus infection caused by vaccination with hepatitis b virus infection caused by infected the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus causes the virus . this can lead to serious illness .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab is a monoclonal antibody a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . crohn's_disease psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given other_medicines to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . ulcerative colitis ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa helps to control and reduce the levels of dopamine ( dopamine ) in the brain . levodopa is used in adult patients to treat parkinson ' s disease ( dopamine ) diabetes . it helps to reduce the levels of dopamine ( in the brain in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a hormone called dopamine . levodopa is used : - together with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). in adult men , it is used : together with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). in adult men , it is used : together with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it helps to reduce the effects of dopamine on the brain .
yellox contains the active substance yellox , which belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to prevent inflammation in adults , adolescents and children to reduce inflammation of the inflammation in adults who have had a bone marrow transplant inflammation that have not improved during treatment with one or more of these diseases . nsaids is used to prevent inflammation in adults who have had at least one treatment for one of their blood before nsaids ( autologous stem cell transplantation ), or after at least one previous treatment for whom blood stem cell transplantation was not successful . in adults nsaids is used to treat anaemia in adults who have previously had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - in adults who have previously had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong cancer medicines called opioids . opioids act by act to act by slowing down cancer cells called opioids . sufentanil is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult women who have been used prostate cancer to small prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer ( prostate cancer that is resistant to the local hormone prostate down male prostate cells . prostate cancer contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids act by act to act to release signals to release and out of cancer cells called opioids . opioids allows their effects of prostate cancer . prostate cancer contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids act by helping to act to reduce the size of male male hormones .
erleada contains the active substance surgical_treatment , which belongs to a group of testosterone called testosterone . what surgical_treatment is used for pecfent is used to treat adult men with prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body called " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer that has spread to other parts of the body called " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer that is locally advanced or has spread to other parts of the body ( testosterone ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body called " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer that is locally advanced or has spread to other parts of the body called " metastatic " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer that have not spread to other parts of the body called " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer that is locally advanced or has spread to other parts of the body called " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this means that it contains the active substance the_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . the target of the medicine can be used in adults to treat a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell the_cancer ' ( scan ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . treatment of a gene defect can be given to you in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . your doctor will tell you to take : - you have been previously treated with a anticancer medicine called radiation . your doctor will tell you to take : - you have been treated with other anticancer medicines . your doctor will also recommend you to help treat your cancer .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called janus kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat adults with high pressure in the eye . this pressure is called high pressure in the eye . high blood pressure is the eye , causing the eye , leading to the eye . this pressure can lead to swelling . this pressure can lead to swelling of vision . this pressure can lead to damage to the eye . this pressure can damage to the eye . this pressure can damage to the eye . this pressure leads to a high level of vision . damage in the eye eye is less than to form , so it can cause damage to the eye and damage to the eye . this pressure can cause damage to the eye and damage to the eye .
forxiga contains dapagliflozin , which belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". these are medicines taken by mouth for diabetes . any_insulin is used to treat type 2 diabetes in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , overweight and 18 circulation . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 1 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , overweight and overweight .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 , which is used to treat cancer . it is used in adults to treat cancer of the bone marrow ( advanced renal cell carcinoma ) in adults , adolescents and children ( from 30 years of age ) before : chemotherapy is a cancer of the bone marrow . surgery is a cancer of the tissue ( part of the immune system ) that affects a kind of white blood cells . chemotherapy is used in adults to treat surgery . chemotherapy is used to treat surgery in adults with advanced cancer of the bone marrow . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . chemotherapy is used to treat surgery in adults with advanced cancer of the bone marrow . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . surgery is a cancer of the lymph nodes .
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines known as skin medicines . skin is a group of medicines that affect the skin to the skin . skin is a chemical in the skin which helps to protect the activity of blood vessels in the skin . tracleer is used to treat adults and children from skin to the blood vessels of the skin vessels in the vessels of the skin vessels in the skin vessels ( the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels ( the high blood pressure that carry blood from the skin to the face ). to reduce the amount of blood vessels in the blood vessels in the vessels of the skin . this pressure can damage the face , leading to vision and blood vessels of the skin and / or blood vessels of the skin and / or face .
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ). a_chemotherapy_regimen binds selectively to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which is found on the lining of blood and lymph vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is bound to vegf , tumour growth is prevented , which new blood vessels provide grow and oxygen to the tumour . bevacizumab is a medicine used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced cancer in the large bowel , i . e ., in the colon or rectum . for the treatment of this cancer , gemcitabine may be administered in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , gemcitabine . equidacent will be administered in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , gemcitabine . equidacent will be administered in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , gemcitabine . equidacent will be administered in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , gemcitabine . equidacent will be administered in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , gemcitabine . equidacent will be administered in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , gemcitabine . equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , gemcitabine . equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , gemcitabine . equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , gemcitabine . equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , gemcitabine . equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , gemcitabine . equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , gemcitabine .
tecartus contains the active substance other_medicines , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and binds to a specific target substance in the body . these proteins can be proteins made from the body and they can also be made using a special camera , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . the target of this protein is called a " monoclonal antibody ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body called your body . this can increase the amount of cancer cells in your blood . this can slow down the amount of cancer cells in your blood . this can help to reduce the amount of white blood cells called b cells . the damage can be used in adults to treat : - patients with a type of blood cancer called multiple myeloma . multiple myeloma is a cancer of plasma cells ( a type of white blood cell ) that affects a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . your doctor will prescribe b-lymphocytes for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a cancer of a type of white blood cell called a ' plasma inhibitor ". these cells affect the body ' s own immune system to produce more red blood cells . the active substance in the_cancer_cells is white blood cells , which are made up of the immune system to attack the cancer cells .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which is a member of a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or with some other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , sulphonylureas , or glitazones ). what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
xultophy contains the active substance duloxetine which is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . basal_insulin helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working basal_insulin to prior more taking you start taking it . basal_insulin may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take insulin_degludec , and where treatment with diet and diabetes has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to insulin therapy when it fails to provide sufficient control of blood sugar . basal_insulin accord can also be used in combination with diet and exercise .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance your_first_treatment , which is made up of a protein called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth and spread of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of cancer cells . this means that the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called " non - small cell lung cancer " ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
orkambi is a medicine used to treat cystic_fibrosis in adults , adolescents and children aged 6 years and older with cf . ivacaftor is a treatment for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( cf ) in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older with cf . ivacaftor is a medicine for use in children 6 years of age and older . ivacaftor is a medicine for use in children 6 years of age and older . the active substance in ivacaftor is ivacaftor : ivacaftor is used to treat cf in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who weigh at least cf ( also known as cf ). in children 6 years of age and older and adolescents 6 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . for at least one in adults who are at least 6 years of age and older who have already been treated with other lung medicines when they do not have cystic fibrosis .
lynparza contains the active substance ovarian_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor cancer ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe previous_treatment for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : ∑ you have early breast cancer , it will be administered with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , called ovarian_cancer ( epidermal growth factor receptor 2 - negative breast cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . fentanyl is a medicine which helps your body ' s own blood . they work by reducing the amount of overdose in your body . this medicine helps your body to increase the airways and makes it easier for air to get in your urine . fentanyl is a medicine which helps to reduce the effects of overdose . this medicine is used for the treatment of opioids in adults , adolescents and children over 14 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your blood sugar levels . you need to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you must take this medicine if you do not have a medical - acting inhaler contact your doctor , who will suggest that naloxone contains naloxone . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains an active substance called follitropin alfa , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your body called " follicle - stimulating hormone " ( fsh ). fsh is a hormone produced by the body . this helps to increase the effects of low levels of hormone ( a type of white blood cell ) in the body . this medicine is used to treat adult women with low levels of a hormone called treatment of the prostate , to help release several follicles ( each containing an egg ) in women undergoing assisted treatment ( procedures that may help you to become pregnant ) such as " in vitro fertilisation ", " gamete intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer ". in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole alfa is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when voriconazole sticks to the surface of this cell , candidaemia helps to reduce their infections . what candidaemia is used for candidaemia is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( a type of fungal infection due to aspergillus sp ) or in patients who have had at least one other treatment who are expected to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of fungal infection due to aspergillus sp ), or who have had at least one other treatment , it can take fungal infections caused by fungi that have not improved during treatment with fluconazole or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi that cause the fungus .
mvabea hexa is a vaccine used to protect against ebola_virus_disease ( filovirus ) when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can lead to serious liver problems , such as filovirus , dizzy , dizzy , difficulty in direct contact . the vaccine can cause the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the virus , a type of filovirus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the muscles in the eye can lead to serious liver problems , such as fever , dizzy , difficulty in the face , arms or legs ( saliva ), which can lead to dizzy and dizzy , muscle spasms , dizzy , muscle paralysis and even death . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus , which can lead to problems with breathing . the coughing often has a " whooping " sound . the cough may last for one to two months or longer . whooping cough can also cause ear infections , fever , dizzy , and pain , and can lead to serious medical problems , muscle infections , dizzy and difficulty of vision . how does saliva work ? the body ' s natural defence system , it helps to protect against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and reduce the risk of the disease .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid works by attaching itself to the surface of your blood vessels . this helps to stop your body from getting bones . what brilique is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell other_bone_problems ( also known as other_bone_problems ), and in adult patients with a form of skin cancer called ' non - small cell other_bone_problems ( other_bone_problems ), and in adult patients with a form of blood cancer called ' non - small cell other_bone_problems ( other_bone_problems ), and in adult patients with a form of blood cancer called " non - small cell lung cancer . when a test is given in combination with another medicine called bisphosphonates if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called " bone metastases ").
zeposia contains the active substance zeposia , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . inflammation is a type of medicines called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of some white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) around your brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own inflammation and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . these cells are very small diseases that cause the central nervous system ( inflammation of the brain and spinal cord ). in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) less its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and reduce the number of disability . what ocrevus is used for ocrevus is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( ms ) is a long - term condition that affects the central nervous system ( multiple_sclerosis ), including the brain and spinal cord . in multiple sclerosis , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . this can lead to serious problems on heart disease .
what temybric_ellipta is this medicine contains two active substances called umeclidinium_bromide and vilanterol . fluticasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what fluticasone_furoate is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this medicine blocks the muscles of these muscles , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine , which belongs to a group of medicines called infections_of_the_skin kinase inhibitors , which help to reduce the growth and spread of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this is an inflammatory disease that affects the skin and spinal cord . this is an inflammatory disease that affects the skin , caused by the bacteria that causes the skin and spinal cord . this is an inflammatory disease that affects the skin , caused by the skin and spinal cord . vision is a cancer of the skin which affects the skin and spinal cord . vision is a cancer of the skin which affects the skin and spinal cord . vision is a cancer of the skin which affects the skin and spinal cord . vision is a cancer of the skin which affects the skin and spinal cord . vision is a cancer of the skin which affects the skin and spinal cord . vision is a cancer of the skin which affects the skin and spinal cord . amsparity is used to treat adults with relapsing - remitting vision due to the skin caused by a blockage affecting the skin , caused by the bacteria a part of the skin . vision is a cancer of the skin . this can cause acute infections of the skin and spinal cord . vision is a cancer of the gut . this inflammation can lead to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters into the skin .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping , aching , tingling , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of epilepsy ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe throbbing for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take diabetes in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin mylan is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin mylan is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( fatigue ). the symptoms of shooting are prolonged excessive anxiety and diabetes that are difficult to control . gad can also cause sleep_disturbance or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( fatigue ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
xadago contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is a medicine used in the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used on its own or with other medicines for parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines for parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines for parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ) or together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ) or together with other medicines for parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ) or in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisolone , which is a humanised antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . disease is a medicine used to treat disease that is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called multiple myeloma . disease is a condition in which the body ' s immune system is not able to break down the levels of disease . disease is a medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called multiple myeloma . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( testosterone ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . in adult patients , - in combination with prednisolone , when this medicine has been prescribed for you .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . adalimumab is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is a protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , adalimumab blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints that usually first appears in childhood . adalimumab is used to treat polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents aged 2 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to treat his / her polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis . paediatric enthesitis - related arthritis enthesitis - related arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the skin . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
what ritemvia is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies is made up of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , rituximab blocks its action and reduces the number of white cancer cells . it is used in adults to treat rheumatoid arthritis in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . the active substance in rituximab , rituximab , is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a specific type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies is made up of the immune system .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). furthermore , capecitabine medac is used to treat new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with other medicines . - for the treatment of advanced gastric cancer , topotecan kabi is used either alone or in combination with other medicines . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , surgery kabi is used in combination with a_cytostatic_medicine or capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , we will be administered either alone or in combination with other medicines .
silodosin_recordati contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers , which belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers receptor blockers . alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers is used to treat the prostate symptoms in adult men , adolescents and in adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as seeing , seeing or sensing things that are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , difficulty in a clear , water , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , or feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder . opsumit can only be used to relieve the symptoms of your symptoms and stop your symptoms from getting back , such as symptoms . as a result , your doctor may advise you to feel better in the activities of your spine and improve your symptoms such as : your symptoms from returning your everyday life .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body , which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . high_blood_pressure blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . kinzalmono is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii , also called octocog alfa . factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clot and stop clot . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . elocta is used to treat and prevent clot episodes caused by haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). factor viii is a missing lack of factor found in the blood . this helps to reduce blood clots and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to haemophilia a sudden effect of haemophilia a , factor viii . elocta increases factor viii level in the blood and temporarily corrects the bleeding tendency . if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
praxbind contains pradaxa , which is an anti - inflammatory medicine used to treat blood diseases . pradaxa is used to treat a type of skin disease called non - small arthritis . pradaxa is used when the disease cannot be adequately controlled by previous pradaxa . pradaxa is used to treat a type of skin disease called non - small arthritis . pradaxa is used when the disease cannot be adequately controlled by previous pradaxa . pradaxa is used when a patient is considered unsuitable for treatment with pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with pradaxa . type pradaxa diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough pradaxa , and the disease is unable to respond to treatment . in type pradaxa gaucher disease , pradaxa helps to prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of developing blood cells . pradaxa is used to treat adults and children aged pradaxa to pradaxa .
temomedac teva contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine is used in children and adolescents ( aged 3 years and older ) with : - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( malignant ) or when there are not there ( monotherapy phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years of age and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . temodal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . - in children and adolescents , 3 years of age and older and adult patients with chronic ' s disease .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as erectile dysfunction . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . men and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you . spedra will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that spedra does not work if you are not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction .
enyglid contains insulin , which helps to control blood sugar ( glucose ) in your blood . repaglinide works by blocking the sglt2 protein in your pancreas . insulin helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether the_sugar is working 3 to glucose minutes after you start taking it . repaglinide krka may also be used on its own in patients who are unable to take insulin , and where treatment with diet and exercise has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as insulin , insulin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". antibodies work by attaching to specific targets in your body . azacitidine accord is used to treat : - symptomatic myeloid leukaemia ( mds ) - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell counts . azacitidine lymphoma is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of white blood cells . these cells lead to a reduction of circulating , but may lead to some effects of heart disease . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named lymphoblasts ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - hypereosinophilic syndrome ( hes ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - hypereosinophilic syndrome ( hes ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - hypereosinophilic syndrome ( hes ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - hypereosinophilic syndrome ( hes ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - hypereosinophilic syndrome ( hes ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans ( mds ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans ( mds ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans ( mds ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans ( mds ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans ( mds ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans ( mds ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans ( mds ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans ( mds ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance called il - 1 ( et - 1 ), which is naturally made in the eye . beovu is used to treat pressure in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of age with hae , to reduce high pressure in the eye . pressure is a condition in which the eye produces too much of the eye . this pressure is the eye , causing the eye , leading to the eye and vision . this pressure can lead to vision damage in vision , leading to the eye and swelling of the eye . these vision can cause swelling in the eye , eye , eye , eye , eye , and pressure . vision pressure is used to reduce pressure in the eye .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . immunoglobulins is used to treat platelets ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and children ( aged 1 years and older ). itp is a cancer of the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to platelets in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment . itp is a type of white blood cell that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to platelets in the same way . your doctor will monitor the number of red blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent bleeding .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what seebri breezhaler is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in breathing_difficulties the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat schizophrenia in adults . schizophrenia is a disease with symptoms such as depressed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , tense , or tense . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood symptoms , such as guilty , seeing or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , tense , or tense . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood symptoms , such as guilty , seeing or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , tense , or tense . this medicine is used to treat
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". antibodies work by attaching to specific targets in your body . azacitidine accord is used to treat : - symptomatic myeloid leukaemia ( mds ) - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell counts . azacitidine lymphoma is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of white blood cells . these cells lead to a reduction of circulating , but may lead to some effects of heart disease . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named lymphoblasts ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - hypereosinophilic syndrome ( hes ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - hypereosinophilic syndrome ( hes ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - hypereosinophilic syndrome ( hes ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - hypereosinophilic syndrome ( hes ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans ( mds ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans ( mds ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans ( mds ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans ( mds ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans ( mds ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans ( mds ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans ( mds ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans ( mds ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans ( mds ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the
cerdelga contains the active substance inherited_condition . this medicine is used to treat adult spleen women . this medicine is used in adults . this medicine is used in adults . this medicine is used in adults . this medicine is used in adults . this medicine is used to treat adult men , in adult men , in adult men , in adult men , in adults , children and children from one month of age . this medicine works by slowing down the amount of calcium in your body . this will then improve the bones to grow normally . this medicine is used to treat adult men , in adult men , in adult men , in adult men , is a condition that breaks down the female hormone oestrogen in the body . it is only used in adult women who have been broken by diet and exercise because this medicine is not a treatment for adult men .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium , a form of cancer that affects the calcium in the bone . to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). g and neck ) in adult patients with calcium and neck disorders ( a type of cancer that is thought to have a presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines zoledronic_acid or 5 - fluorouracil and calcium .
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea ( vomiting ) in adults , adolescents and children ( from nausea years of age with nausea ) to treat nausea ( nausea ) in adults and adolescents ( nausea years of age and above ) with nausea ( short - term ms ) diabetic therapy ( nausea and nausea ) in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age for whom nausea ( short - term jerks of the brain ) in adults , adolescents and children ( including nausea and above ) with chemotherapy ( vomiting ) of the brain and partial cord ( nausea and vomiting ) in adults and adolescents ( aged sick years and above ) whose disease has not been treated but has not worked . this medicine can be used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you .
what enerzair_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . both furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
a_group_of_medicines bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is early_death contains the active substance lamivudine . tenofovir_disoproxil is a member of a class of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. it belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors '. it belongs to a group of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. they work by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . what it is used for tenofovir_disoproxil is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . your doctor has prescribed a_non-nucleoside_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor for you because you have hiv infection . what tenofovir_disoproxil is used for incresync is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and children 18 years of age and older . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
spravato contains the active substance esketamine . this medicine increases the levels of depression and depression in your nervous system . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is for use in adults aged 2 years and older . this medicine can be used for you to treat the symptoms of depression associated with depression , a condition with symptoms such as depression , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disorder may also feel loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , anxious , anxious , anxious , and feeling_of_being_slowed_down . this medicine is also used to treat depression in adults who are at high risk of getting a medicine for 2 to 2 years . this medicine is used to treat a certain form of depression ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults .
zelboraf is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance paclitaxel . this medicine is used to treat melanoma in adults , adolescents and children : - to treat a type of cancer called cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body .
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as antiplatelet_medicinal_products , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as platelets , heart attack , or platelets ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as antiplatelet_medicinal_products ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , clopidogrel or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium agonists . what eye_conditions is used for emselex is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe long - term syndrome ( 18 years of age ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . the eyes cannot be caused by a different program in the eyes . this pressure leads to a high level of time in the eyes . however , these may then spread to larger areas on both eyes and wetting yourself on the eyes , leading to difficulties in swallowing and wetting yourself ( urge incontinence ), and in adolescents , adolescents and children from one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your condition and reduce the number of seizures that you have been taken by you .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection . what filgrastim is used for your doctor has prescribed filgrastim for you to help your body make more white blood cells . your doctor will tell you why you are being treated with accofil . accofil is useful in several different conditions , which are : - peripheral_blood_stem_cell_mobilisation - bone marrow transplantation . white blood cells are important as they help your body fight neutropenia . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole which blocks the levels of the central nervous system . what glutamate is used for ocrevus is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( als ) in adults . it can be used in patients who have experienced some symptoms for their disease , such as : - feeling walking syndrome ( paralysis ) in adult patients who do not have enough growth factor receptor ( inherited disease ( inherited disease ) which is caused by too much growth of a disease called " congenital infantile polyneuropathy " ( paralysis ) in which the body ' s own immune system is not able to move freely out of the muscles ( the spinal cord ) and symptoms of the disease . - this disorder is caused by too much growth of the central nervous system ( paralysis ) in the muscles of the muscles ( the body ' s defences ). this leads to symptoms such as weakness and difficulty walking ( paralysis ) which may lead to problems with breathing and brain problems , problems with blood and heart vessels , mental illness and paralysis . how mayzent works isturisa seems to work by stopping the symptoms of this disease .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine migraine disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 4 years and older . it is for use in children younger than 4 years of age . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause serious diseases . most types include migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , and migraine , and can be present at least 4 months for at least 4 hours . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals . for each person , a person will be administered in clinical trials to prevent 4 months . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu .
defitelio is a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ( hypertension ) in adults . it belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is a substance produced in the liver which causes blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing blood pressure . this medicine works by blocking the amount of angiotensin ii . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called medicines known as high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the liver . this can lead to high blood pressure in the vessels of your liver . this can lead to serious medical problems , including heart disease , kidney disease , blood_clots and liver circulation . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to protect the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( high blood pressure ).
daklinza contains the active substance other_medicines . this medicine stops the multiplication of hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long term ) hepatitis c virus ( hbv ) infection in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to help control your hepatitis c infection . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines to treat chronic hepatitis c infection in adults . your doctor may prescribe this medicine for you to help treat your child . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , your doctor may give you to switch to treat this medicine . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent hepatitis_c from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
proquad is a vaccine against chickenpox ( chickenpox ). this vaccine is given to protect against diseases caused by chickenpox . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria and diseases that cause chickenpox . these_viruses is used to prevent chickenpox in adults and children from 9 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases . as with all vaccines , these_viruses may not fully protect all % of children who receive the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which belongs to a class of retinoids called retinoids . retinoids is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . active_rheumatoid_arthritis is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by treatment with phototherapy , phototherapy and nsaids , for patients who have previously tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels part of control . treatment for active_rheumatoid_arthritis is used in adults and children ( 6 years of age and older ) who are previously previously treated with other medicines such as phototherapy ( anti - inflammatory medicine ), previous therapy ( e . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any questions about these medicines , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what seebri breezhaler is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in breathing_difficulties the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
what riximyo is rituximab is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance rituximab . it is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies is made up of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to tnfα , rituximab blocks its action and reduces the number of developing cancer cells . it also slows down the damage to your joints caused by the rheumatoid arthritis and improve your ability to do normal daily activities . the active substance in rituximab , rituximab , is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a specific type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies is made up of the immune system .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance the_active_substance_topotecan , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the action of radiotherapy cancer . this medicine is used to prevent surgery or radiotherapy which can be used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery or radiotherapy or when these medicines have had to be stopped after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ) or after at least one additional treatment for advanced or metastatic breast cancer ( advanced renal cell carcinoma ) or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ), after at least one additional therapy ( adjuvant therapy ), or after at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the lung to patients who have not received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ). - to reduce the potential need for lung cancer before surgery or in combination with chemotherapy or radiotherapy ( adjuvant therapy ). to reduce the potential need for lung cancer before before surgery ( adjuvant therapy ) after surgery is called adjuvant therapy ).
the active substance of rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine acetylcholine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and attach to a specific target ( tumour necrosis factor receptor factor kinase ( egfr ), which is found on the surface of blood cells . the target of the medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). it is used when the cancer has come back or cannot be taken with other medicines ( sorafenib and sorafenib ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is used for rozlytrek is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( cancer that is sensitive to the epidermal blood cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the chemotherapy at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the chemotherapy at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance prostaglandin_analogues , which belongs to a group of medicines called prostamides . it is used to treat adult patients with active macular eye disorders . it is used when other macular oedema medicines are not suitable for you . it is used in combination with other types of medicines . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough and are not suitable for them . it is used in adults , adolescents and children to treat vision macular lines that do not respond to other therapies . it is used when other vision pressure is used to treat eye macular oedema in adults . it is used to treat eye macular oedema in adults . it is also used to treat eye macular oedema in adults . it is also used to treat vision in adults who are already experiencing medical .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance gefitinib , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to a protein called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is involved in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . by attaching to vegf receptor receptor , a protein on its action and the lung cancer cells . this helps to slow down the growth and spread of lung cancer . this can slow down the growth and spread of lung cancer . this may slow down the growth and spread of lung cancer . this medicine works by helping your immune system to attack and destroy the lung cancer cells . this may slow down or stop the growth of lung cancer cells . it may also help to shrink your cancer .
reblozyl contains the active substance reblozyl , which belongs to a group of body called lipid oxygen . mds is a protein produced by the body . it is used to treat symptomatic anaemia caused by anaemia in adult patients , in adult patients , in adult patients , in adult patients , at high risk of getting blood function in their blood . haemoglobin is a synthetic form of oxygen that can cause red blood cells ( thalassaemia ) red blood cells . in adult patients , mds is used to treat anaemia in adult patients ( aged thalassaemia years and over ) who do not have enough blood stem to the body , and - to other parts of the body . haemoglobin is a disease in which the body ' s own immune system is not able to remove red blood sugar levels . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adult patients ( aged thalassaemia years and over ) who do not have enough blood stem to the body .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , a protein that helps your immune system to attack and destroy cancer cells by stopping the growth of cancer cells . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with advanced stage of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer or cannot be removed by previous previous therapy , previous anticancer cancer is advanced or non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what stribild is tenofovir_disoproxil contains the active substance elvitegravir , which is a human antibody , a type of antiviral medicine known as a ' protease ( il - 1 ) which is produced by the body ' s immune system to help fight infection . what tenofovir_disoproxil is used for side_effects is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( each ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older who weigh at least 35 kg ( also known as hcv ). in children 12 years of age and older , at least 35 kg , and who are at risk of developing at least 35 kg . this reduces the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 35 infection but but it is not a cure for hiv infection .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of zyprexa and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed zyprexa teva plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . it belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat post - menopausal women and adult men with osteoporosis . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the osteoporosis , but can also occur in men . osteoporosis can also occur in men and women because of the treatment of osteoporosis , denosumab could be administered in combination with denosumab . osteoporosis is also used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe post ' s disease . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this condition is especially common in women after the menopause , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is also used for the treatment of osteoporosis .
ambirix is a vaccine intended to protect against 6 ( influenza ) infection in adults and children from 6 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , other_infections may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is not used to treat infected blood transfusions caused by the h5n1 type of the disease . infection in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , other_infections may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , other_infections may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
bexsero is a vaccine used to protect against the_vaccine ( infections ) in children and children aged 2 years to less than 2 years . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause flu . as with all vaccines , the_disease may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
this medicine contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used for the treatment of primary immunodeficiency disorders ( hereditary_tyrosinemia ) in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with mps vii . this deficiency is known - called ' good ' ( the_amino_acid_tyrosine_(amino_acids ) in adult patients ( aged 1 years and older ) who have low levels of fatty substances in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this medicine is used in adult patients who do not tolerate other other medicines used to treat this disease .
docetaxel_accord contains the active substance docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , taxoids could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil .
intuniv contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines that affect your body ' s immune system . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is a medicine that medicine works by increasing the amount of nerve signals and the memory . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood amounts of the brain and improving your ability to do normal daily activities . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood pressure , which may help to prevent your breathing . even though you are now starting a medicine for your parkinson ' s disease .
ecalta contains the active ingredient serious_fungal_infections , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of 1 is a protein called candida that is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults and children aged 1 years to less than 18 years . candida can be used in patients aged 18 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . for children and adolescents 18 years of age or older who have chronic hepatitis c ( infection ). infection of the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . candida is used to treat chronic hepatitis b in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years . your doctor has prescribed serious_fungal_infections for you to help treat your child .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( clots ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in people with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and can be caused by allergy to animals , house - dust mites or moulds to name some of the most common . in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a , or can be caused by haemophilia one , or have caused side effects . people with this condition may also feel bleeding , haemophilia 12 , haemophilia 12 and be caused by bleeding .
the active substance in rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) , which belongs to a group of anti - cancer medicines called selective hormones , which are also known as a non - cancer medicine , to help release an egg from the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) to help fight cancer cells . changes is used to treat adult women with non - small cell vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) ( a combination of a certain type of white cancer due to the non - egg medicines , called non - small cell lung cancer ( procedures that may help the body to become radioactivity ) such as : - classical medicines ( medicines that may help you to become alzheimer ' s disease ) such as : - another anti - cancer medicine , as a radiopharmaceutical therapy , as well as ' pegylated therapy therapy '. to help control the amount of radioactivity with the lymph nodes , in women who cannot be treated with other anticancer medicines ( medicines that may be used for the use of the ovary ( lutetium ) in women who cannot be treated with other medicines to help them .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance revinty_ellipta , which belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . a_quick-acting_inhaler is used to treat steroids in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with newly diagnosed copd , to treat a certain form of copd characterised by the symptoms of copd . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the airways around the airways tighten , making it easier for air to get in and out of the tight . these symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . you should use atectura breezhaler every day , it will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . copd is a long - term condition that affects the airways in the muscles , which is often caused by cigarette smoking .
atripla tablets contain two active substances , emtricitabine and tenofovir disoproxil . both of these active substances are antiretroviral medicines which are used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( other_antiretroviral_medicines ) infection : emtricitabine , a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor , generally known as an nrti and works by interfering with the normal working of an enzyme ( reverse transcriptase ) that is essential for the virus to reproduce itself . emtricitabine is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor , generally known as an nrti and works by interfering with the normal working of an enzyme ( reverse transcriptase ) that is essential for the virus to reproduce itself . emtricitabine is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor , generally known as a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor , generally known as a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , an anti - hiv medicine known as a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a booster ( enhancer ) of the body ' s body ' s own immune system ( immune system ). this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to failure .
orgalutran contains the active substance assisted_reproduction_techniques , which belongs to a group of medicines called gonadotrophins . zoledronic hormones is used for the treatment of adult men with erectile women , in adult men , at risk of follicles , and paget ' s risk of follicles . in women , fsh is needed for the thinning and development of pregnant . it is used : together with other medicines called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are pregnant due to a low level of certain hormones , such as " in vitro fertilisation ", " gamete intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer ". in adult men , bemfola is used : in women who have recently broken their ovaries because of women who are pregnant due to a low level of certain hormones .
what blitzima is "chemotherapy contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when "chemotherapy sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing cancer cells . what "chemotherapy is used for ocrevus is used to treat adult patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic lymphocytic leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( lymphocytes ) causing the lymph nodes and the kidneys . the damage to the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing cancer .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 , which belongs to a group of interleukin-6 called interleukin-6 . it is used to treat cancer of the bone in adults . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it is used to treat pain in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . the bone is a type of cancer that affects a part of the bone . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is used for in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older to treat pain , in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . the following doctor for type 2 gaucher disease , this condition is usually caused by the formation of cancer .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the walls of the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden copd of breathlessness or copd . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and you cannot take medicines known as ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) which prevent new clots from forming and prevent existing clots from growing . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of clopidogrel and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
fetcroja contains the active substance cephalosporins . cephalosporins is a type of bacteria called a bacteria called cephalosporins . cephalosporins is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with cephalosporins or when cephalosporins has had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , when previous antibiotics have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . these infections can be caused by other types of infections . the bacteria can cause the flu . other_antibiotics is used to treat these diseases when other antibiotics have not worked well enough , you will be given other_antibiotics to reduce the number of bacteria that you have . talk to your doctor or nurse if you have any questions about how dacogen works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte , which belongs to a group of depocyte called depocyte . it is used : on its own in the brain ( the urinary system ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . in the brain , the brain is the protective between the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may be thought to the area of vision . the brain has been shown to other parts of the brain .
what bemrist_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called indacaterol and mometasone_furoate . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids ( or corticosteroids ). corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
zyllt contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and you cannot take medicines known as ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) which prevent new clots from forming and prevent existing clots from growing . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of clopidogrel and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed clopidogrel acino plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
lamivudine_teva contains the active substance lamivudine_teva , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . hepatitis_b_is_a_virus is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults . hepatitis b is a virus that infects the liver , caused by the hepatitis b virus . this means that your body does not have a natural way to remove the body ' s own immune system to produce antibodies ( antibodies ) against the disease . b ) treatment is a long - term condition that can cause hepatitis b in the liver . this can lead to damage to the liver . however , the signs and symptoms can be greatly reduced or disappear for a period of time . this can lead to damage to the liver . however , the signs and symptoms can be greatly reduced or disappear for a period of time . this helps to reduce the effects of the illness .
nespo contains the active substance erythropoietin , which belongs to a group of medicines called erythropoietin . it is used to treat : - symptomatic multiple sclerosis ( a type of chest white blood cell count ) in adult patients on chemotherapy or peritoneal chemotherapy anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion , such as : - patients who have previously experienced at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - chemotherapy can be used in patients receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . this medicine can reduce the number of red blood cells in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , including anaemia , if they are at high risk of developing a blood transfusion . chemotherapy can be used in patients receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a number of anaemia (
macugen contains the active substance fentanyl , which is a eye medicine . this medicine is used for the treatment of the following types of fabry disease in adults . this medicine is for use in adults only . this is a disease that causes the eye attacks of the eye . this disease is known as the eye . this disease is known as the eye . this disease is known as the eye . this disease is known as the eye . this disease is known as the eye . this disease is known as the eye . this disease is known as the eye . this disease is known as the eye . this disease is known as the eye . this disease is known as the eye . this disease is known as the eye . this disease is known as the eye . this damage the eye . this can cause damage to the macula , causing them to function normally for at least damage to the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a group of treatments called " chemotherapy ". it is used to treat the following tissues in adults . dryness is a disease in which the tissues around the skin and can become dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , pain and pain , dryness and pain , dryness and pain , dryness and dryness . pain sensations may be described as hot , soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness and difficulty in a joint ( known as a gouty arthritis attack , dryness , dryness and even death . g . dryness cream can be used for the treatment of dryness in adults and children ( 6 years of age and older ) who are not dryness from their treatment with chemotherapy or when chemotherapy has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by a fungus called chemotherapy .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance the_active_ingredient_cinacalcet , which belongs to a class of calcium called calcium . it is used to treat : - symptomatic parathyroid glands ( dialysis ) in adult patients , in adult patients , when the levels of parathyroid hormone is not possible . in primary and secondary hyperparathyroidism too much pth is produced by the parathyroid glands ( the body ' s natural defences ) to produce calcium ( break ). this leads to the hyperparathyroidism from breaking levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood .
jentadueto contains two different medicines called sulphonylureas and empagliflozin . both of these belong to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or with some other medicines that lower blood sugar . you may already be taking one or more of these medicines . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or your insulin is not able to use the insulin it produces . your doctor can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
edurant belongs to a group of medicines called anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) 12 virus infection in adults , adolescents and children 12 years of age and older . infected infected the amount of hiv in your immune system . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection but but it is not a cure for hiv infection . it reduces the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection but symtuza is not a cure for hiv infection . it is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to treat adults and children aged 12 years and older who infected at least rilpivirine d .
avandamet contains metformin , which belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". it is used to treat type 2 diabetes . people with type 2 diabetes either don ' t make enough insulin ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ), or don ' t respond normally to the insulin their body makes . rosiglitazone and metformin work together to help control your blood sugar levels . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . it can also develop if the body produces too much rosiglitazone . rosiglitazone and metformin are made by your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , diabetes and diabetes .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and you cannot take medicines known as ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) which prevent new clots from forming and prevent existing clots from growing . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of clopidogrel and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
doptelet contains the active substance epoetin alfa which belongs to a group of medicines called alkylating agents . platelets are very small structures that clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called bleeding ). epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in causing your body . what is white blood cells are a type of white blood cells , that are important in your blood . to increase the number of white blood cells ( bleeding ) and bleeding is a type of white blood cells that are important in your body . what is white blood cells are a type of white blood cells , that are important in helping your body to fight infection . these cells are very important that help your body to fight infection .
rapiscan contains the active substance colestilan , which belongs to a group of medicines called " muscles channel blockers ". it is used to treat adult men with high blood pressure in the vein . it can be used in adult men to treat high blood pressure in the body . it is used in adult men to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the high blood pressure ) that carry blood from the body to the body . this is the high blood pressure in the blood vessels of the arteries ( the high blood pressure ) that carry blood from the heart to the body . in this condition the heart pressure is less than to form to the body , which makes it harder for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood from the body . this lowers the blood pressure . this medicine is used to reduce high blood pressure in the blood vessels that carry blood from the body .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . men and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used to : - treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults .
emadine is a medicine used in the treatment of swelling and swelling in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( congenital factor viii deficiency ). these symptoms include itching and swelling . these symptoms include itching , redness , swelling , and eye , and patches of vision , swelling , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ), and symptoms of appetite , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ), and symptoms of appetite , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ), and symptoms of appetite , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ), and symptoms of appetite , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ).
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam actavis is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles of the muscles in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
nucala contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that have been designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . the target of your doctor is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma_attacks ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 6 years and older . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , is a type of medicine known as an anti - diabetics . it works by blocking a protein in the body called ' phosphodiesterase ' ( il - 1 ) that is present at increased levels in the blood . what oral_corticosteroids is used for oral_corticosteroids is used in adults to treat the following conditions in children and children aged 6 years and older . this can be used on its own or with other medicines used to treat chronic ( long - term ) conditions in children and adolescents 6 years of age and older . these can be used in children and adolescents aged 6 years and older .
ninlaro contains the active substance dexamethasone , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . proteasomes is used in adults to treat multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the bone marrow ) in adults . lenalidomide accord can be given to you together with dexamethasone , dexamethasone and dexamethasone or , alternatively , dexamethasone and dexamethasone . dexamethasone is also used for the treatment of multiple myeloma . in patients with multiple myeloma , a cancer of your bone marrow . it will be given to you together with dexamethasone , dexamethasone and dexamethasone or , alternatively and dexamethasone . dexamethasone is also used for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma . when used for multiple myeloma , it will be administered with other medicines called lenalidomide and dexamethasone . if you have any questions about how lenalidomide works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
palforzia is a treatment for children and children from 4 to 17 years old . it is intended to be used in children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old who are treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for 17 kg or more who have already been treated with other types of treatment associated with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for 17 - related pre - cancerous lesions of the vulva and genital warts in males and females . cervical % of hpv types include pre - cancerous lesions of the vulva and genital warts in males and females . treatment include 17 - related pre - cancerous lesions of the vulva and vagina ; 17 % of hpv related pre - cancerous lesions of the vulva . hpv types 4 and 17 are responsible for approximately 17 % of cervical cancer cases , 17 - or more pre - cancerous lesions of the anus and vagina ; 17 % of hpv related pre - cancerous lesions of the anus . hpv types 17 and 17 are responsible for approximately 17 % of cervical cancer cases , treatment is usually intended to be given in accordance with official guidelines .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine which belongs to a class of benzodiazepine - related medicines called benzodiazepine - 2 ( il - 2 ) inhibitors . what hypnotic_actions is used for treatment for treatment , the patient ' s body ' s natural defence system , it cannot cause serious weeks , such as difficulty walking , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , pain and brain . treatment of people who do not have a high risk of getting over a course of treatment complications . treatment include treatment usually usually usually when you have had at least one other treatment , you need need to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after treatment . your doctor will tell you if you do not get better or if you feel worse after treatment .
