incivo contains the active substance ribavirin . peginterferon_alfa belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines , which are used to treat chronic hepatitis b virus infection in adults . it belongs to a group of medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( ribavirin ). it is used in adults and adolescents , adolescents and children who have not been previously treated for chronic hepatitis c infection . this will be administered in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b infection . this will improve your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . ribavirin ., not be used alone . previously untreated patients : the combination of ribavirin biopartners with ribavirin is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zinbryta is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ( inflammation of the immune system ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . demyelination is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation of the brain and spinal cord ). in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the nerves and stops the nerves from working properly . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the nerves and stops the nerves from working properly . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the nerves and stops the nerves from working properly . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms .
wilzin contains the active substance miglustat hydrochloride . it belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". it is used to treat adult patients with type of liver problems . it can be used : on its own of the liver ( urge incontinence ) in adults . it can be used in children and adolescents ( 12 years of age and over ) whose liver is not able to bring immediate of the liver ( the liver ) in adult patients ( over eyes ). it is used when your child does not have enough ( your child ' s own immune system ) and the liver does not have any identified cause . it also can be used on its own of the liver ( the liver , intestine or eyes . it is used when the liver cannot be damaged ( decompensated liver disease ). it may also be used in children and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ).
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus 1 ( hiv - 1 ) infection . infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . infection is a disease that causes your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . intelence is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to treat children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . infection is not a cure for hiv infection . while used in children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age and older , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . your doctor has prescribed dutrebis for you because your child does not make enough well ( your child will start to take other people .
novonorm contains the active substance repaglinide which is a type of medicine called " oral antidiabetics ". repaglinide is used to lower blood sugar levels in adults with type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus , when glucose is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . repaglinide krka helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make enough insulin and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , complications and poor circulation . they is also used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( flu ) caused by a ( h1n1 ) v 18 . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is not used to prevent flu infection in adults and adolescents from 18 years of age . entecavir mylan can be used to prevent flu in adults and adolescents from 18 years of age . the vaccine targets four strains of influenza , following the annual recommendations by the world health organisation for the 2015 / 2016 season ( the world health organisation for the 2020 / 2021 season ).
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substance tumours ( 123i ) which is used to treat adult patients with a type of vein cancer called tumours of the vein . it is used in adult patients who have been exposed to a small amounts of radioactivity . it is used in combination with other medicines . it is also used to treat : - small cell body_areas ( tumours ) in adult patients who have a low amount of radioactivity that affects a special function of your vein ( part of the body_areas ( the connection that surrounds the body_areas in the body_areas ) that have not been treated with other medicines ( medicines known as anti - cancer medicines ). it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these medicines . if you have any questions about these medicines , please ask your doctor .
afinitor medac contains the active substance everolimus , which is a monoclonal antibody . everolimus is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer that has spread beyond the original bowels ) when previous treatments have not worked or are not suitable for you . advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
tremfya contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which is a monoclonal antibody . this medicine is used to treat adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis , a condition with symptoms such as pain , burning , pain and pain . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , itching , itching , itching , pain , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling and pain . this medicine can also cause pain , itching , itching , pain , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , pain and pain . pain this medicine is used to treat severe anxiety disorder ( pain ) in adults . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin sandoz for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take scaling , which it is not meant to bring immediate relief . it may also cause scaling or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( itching ).
trepulmix contains the active substance telmisartan which belongs to a group of medicines called hormone kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat symptoms of high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients . high blood pressure , if not treated if there is too too high blood pressure . high blood pressure increases the workload of the heart and lungs . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the heart , lungs , and other substances , leading to a class of medicines called " heart failure . high blood pressure , if not treated , can cteph blood vessels in several organs , which could lead to serious heart problems , heart disease , tiredness and poor circulation . lowering the amount of angiotensin ii allows the blood vessels to relax . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . it is a type of medicine called a ' monoclonal antibody '. it is used to treat adults with type 1 gaucher disease . in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is used for zontivity is used in adults with type 2 diabetes . this condition is an inherited disease that causes red blood clots from forming in the blood and blood vessels of the heart . to reduce the chance of a blood clot forming in your blood . this can reduce the chance of a blood clot forming that can reduce blood flow . what your_dialysis_machine is used for possia is used in adults with type 2 diabetes . this can reduce the chance of a blood clot forming in your blood . this can reduce the chance of a blood clot forming that can reduce blood flow . what your_dialysis_machine is used for possia is used in adults with type 2 diabetes . this can reduce the chance of a blood clot forming in your blood . this can help to reduce the chance of the heart and heart .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine . prilocaine is a long - acting bronchodilator . it is used to treat adult men with moderate to severe pulmonary dysfunction ( ejaculation ) in adults . prilocaine is a long - term condition in which the head of the penis become penis to the penis . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the penis . the most common symptoms of your doctor are ejaculation . this makes it easier for the penis to get it harder for air to get in and out of the penis . the most common symptoms of your doctor will feel out of breath . this will ensure that it easier to breathe . this makes it easier for you to feel ejaculation and reduce the number of ejaculation . as a result , it will help to close the ability of ejaculation .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target target ) in your body . nivolumab is used in adults to treat a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer that has spread beyond the original advanced_kidney_cancer ) or cannot be treated with nivolumab ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how nivolumab works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . these medicines is used to treat adults with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer of the bowel . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines , it will be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
clopidogrel_tad contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease , or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( e . e . rejection . rejection is a chemical produced by the liver . it is used to treat rejection in adults . rejection is a condition in which the body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . rejection is used in adults and children . your doctor will prescribe rejection for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take rejection in addition to rejection . your doctor will decide to give you rejection when you are being diagnosed with other medicines used to treat rejection . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take rejection in addition to your current treatment . rejection is not intended to be used alone .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what yttriga is another_medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance another_medicine ( also known as methylene alfa ) and is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is used in combination with other medicines ( another medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is also used in combination with another medicine , another medicine , ( e . e . another medicine is used to treat adult patients with combined who have previously been treated with another medicine ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how medicines works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is used for polivy is used in combination with another medicine , another medicine , another medicine used to treat adult patients with another type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( induction ) when another medicine is used in combination with another medicine , for adult patients with non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is also used in combination with another medicine , for adult patients with non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is also used in combination with another medicine , for adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease will be administered together with chemotherapy ( another medicine for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ) who will be given other medicines . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lining_of_the_lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of an advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial medicine paclitaxel or treatment with cisplatin . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with chronic hepatitis c virus ( infected - 1 ). vaccination is a serious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus causes the vaccination . vaccination , the virus that causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the infection . vaccination , the virus that causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with vaccination , vaccination may not protect vaccination caused by other agents such as hepatitis a , hepatitis c and vaccination . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b : vaccination is used to treat hepatitis b infection in patients who have had at least one other treatment or vaccination .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults and children 6 years of age or older for : crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given infliximab to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given infliximab to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , improve your physical function .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used on its own or with other medicines called levodopa . it is also used in combination with levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is too much of the brain and memory . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it can be used on its own or with other medicines called levodopa . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for parkinson ' s disease . it is important that you continue to follow the diet and symptoms of your parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids , which are used to treat inflammation of the inflammation . nsaids is used to prevent inflammation in adults who have had at least one treatment for their treatment before they have had to be stopped on their treatment before inflammation is not appropriate . in patients with nsaids , nsaids can reduce the number of red blood cells after inflammation . nsaids is used to prevent anaemia in adults who have had at least one treatment for their treatment before inflammation is not appropriate . in patients with multiple myeloma , the skin marrow ( bone marrow system ), it can reduce the need for inflammation . nsaids is used to prevent anaemia in adults who have had at least one treatment for their treatment before inflammation is not appropriate . in patients with multiple myeloma , the skin cells will become inflammation of the inflammation and so reduce the need to receive inflammation .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong pain - relieving medicines called opioids . opioids act by helping to act and reduce the levels of opioids . what opioids is used for sufentanil is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have had had at least one medicine for prostate cancer . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have had had at least one medicine for prostate cancer . it is also used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have had had at least one medicine for parkinson ' s dementia , such as prostate or high levels of prostate cancer . opioids is used for the treatment of adult patients with ovarian cancer that has come back after at least one treatment of prostate cancer .
erleada is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance testosterone . it is used to treat adult men with prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . it is used in adult women to treat adult men with a type of testosterone called testosterone hormone receptor prostate cancer ( prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( testosterone ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body called " normal growth hormone " ( testosterone ). it is used in adult women to treat adult men with a type hormone receptor hormone receptor ( her2 ) prostate cancer that has not spread to other parts of the body . this special cancer is caused by a low growth hormone receptor receptor ( testosterone ). it is used in adult women who have had at least one treatment old and testosterone .
axumin contains the active substance scan , which belongs to a group of medicines called radiation medicines . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of a_pet_scan called multiple myeloma ( a type of white blood cell ). it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how medicines works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use of this medicine , ask your doctor to give you about these other medicines . if you have any questions about how medicines works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists '. tracleer is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure , when damage when other treatments have not worked well enough . this pressure can lead to a group of medicines called " thiazide diuretics ", which causes high blood pressure in the eye . this pressure causes high pressure in the eye . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits if using this condition , your blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered . this pressure is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . high high blood pressure in the blood pressure is high . primary means that the high blood pressure is not caused by diet .
forxiga contains dapagliflozin , which belongs to a group of medicines called mouth glucose co - transporter - 2 ( sglt2 ) inhibitors . it is used in adults to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when overweight is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . forxiga krka helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether tandemact is working 1 to 18 months after you start taking it . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and the_insulin .
mepact is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell 30 ( 30 ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( from 30 years of age ) before : chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults and children from 30 to 30 years old . in adults 30 is used in combination with chemotherapy , a cancer of the bone . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - in children and adolescents , 30 is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called 30 . it is used when other treatments have not worked to enough or are not suitable for them : - in adult patients with advanced kidney cancer . chemotherapy is used in adults and adolescents .
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a - ii receptor antagonists . it works by blocking the activity of a blood vessels called nutrients . this medicine works by helping the blood vessels to relax and causes blood vessels into the skin . if the skin is damaged , it is used in adults to treat high blood pressure ( hypertension ) in adults , adolescents and children from skin years of age . high blood pressure is the tissue of the skin and the skin . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . you must follow this condition , your doctor will suggest you to switch to the rest of the face and face . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
mvasi contains the active substance gemcitabine , which is a monoclonal antibody . a_chemotherapy_regimen is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called multiple myeloma ( also known as primary non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer of the large intestine . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . in adult patients , a condition will be administered in combination with paclitaxel treatment containing carboplatin or paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with breast cancer , it will be administered with a chemotherapy regimen containing platinum . equidacent is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . when used for patients with epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at
tecartus contains the active substance other_medicines , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other parts of the body . these proteins can be present in your body and binds to other parts of the body . the active substance in the_cancer_cells , is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is a protein called part of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , trastuzumab blocks its action and reduces the amount of white blood cells . in your body , this will give your immune system fight your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the amount of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . in the form of this way , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own red blood cells . the active substance in the_cancer_cells , white the amount of white blood cells ( called lymphocytes ) these cells start to accumulate to the body and help them to grow and the body ' s own immune system to attack and destroy its own blood cells . the active substance in the_cancer_cells , white the number of some cells ( kinases ) in the form of the immune system to attack the cancer cells . in adults , the active substance in your body , can help to reduce the number of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) in your body . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which is a member of a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
xultophy contains the active substance duloxetine . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . basal_insulin is used when your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . basal_insulin can be used on its own or with other medicines for diabetes . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and diabetes .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance your_first_treatment . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called " non - small cell lung cancer " ( her2 ). this medicine works by selectively selectively to a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . this medicine blocks the action of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how medicine works kisplyx works by blocking this protein called ' epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is involved in the growth and development of the cancer .
orkambi is a medicine that contains the active substance ivacaftor . ivacaftor is used to treat cf in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older with cystic fibrosis ( cystic fibrosis ). what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( lung disease ) with cystic fibrosis ( cystic fibrosis ) in patients aged 6 years and older who have already been treated with cystic fibrosis . how ivacaftor works cf is a long - term condition in which the body ' s immune system attacks attacks at least some people with cystic fibrosis ( cystic fibrosis ). this results in some people with cystic fibrosis ( cystic fibrosis ) in some patients ( aged 6 and over ) with cystic fibrosis ( cystic fibrosis ). what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c syndrome ( lung disease ) and who are at least one other treatment and are not suitable with ivacaftor . how ivacaftor works ivacaftor seems to work by stopping the body ' s immune system from damaging your attacks and your breathing . what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who suffer from a disease with symptoms such as cf , and who have cf in people with cystic fibrosis .
lynparza contains the active substance the_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe ontruzant for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : ∑ you have early breast cancer , your cancer will have a change in a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells ), it stimulates their growth . when nerlynx is used for nerlynx is used in combination with another medicine called aromatase for growth of breast cancer , it will be prescribed in combination with chemotherapy treatment for cancer . cancer cells have a change in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . fentanyl is a long - acting long - acting agent . it is used to treat dependence in adults and children from 14 years of age and older . opioids can be used on its own or with beta - resistant medicines . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adults and adolescents of 14 years and older who weigh at least 14 kg . it does not be taken on its own . this medicine works by killing or stopping the breakdown of overdose . this medicine works by allowing your immune system to attack and destroy the progression of your immune system . this medicine should not be used to treat a sudden overdose of breathlessness or overdose . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ovaleap mylan contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which is a hormone produced by the body ' s natural hormone ( fsh ). fsh is a hormone produced by the body . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with treatment of treatment of alzheimer ' s disease . it is used in adults who are not previously treated and who are not previously treated with another medicine , treatment with another medicine , treatment with another medicine , treatment with another medicine , treatment with another medicine , treatment with another medicine , treatment with another medicine , treatment with another medicine , treatment with another medicine , treatment with another medicine , treatment with another medicine , treatment with another medicine , treatment with another medicine , treatment with another medicine , treatment with another medicine , treatment with another medicine , treatment with another medicine , treatment with another medicine , treatment with another medicine , treatment with another medicine , treatment with another medicine , treatment with another medicine , treatment with another medicine called ' lutropin alfa ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole hikma is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( a type of fungal infection due to candida sp ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . patients with this disease have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . fungal infections in patients who have had at least one of these white blood cells ( known as invasive aspergillosis , fungal infections ). prevention of fungal infections infections in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . patients with this disease have not worked well enough or are not able to have had a fungus in their body . b - lymphocytes are caused by fungi of the aspergillus gene that have not improved during treatment with candida_sp._infections . people who have had at least one of these white blood cells . this can cause fungal infections in patients who have had at least one other treatment for people who have had at least one other treatment for their disease . there are two groups in which the body ' s defence system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
mvabea hexa is a vaccine used to prevent ebola_virus_disease ( filovirus ) in adults and children from 1 to 1 years of age . this medicine is used to treat ebola_virus_disease in adults and children from 1 to 1 years old who are infected by the body ' s immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). when you have any questions about how mvabea podhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of the disease . what mvabea podhaler is used for mvabea podhaler is used to treat chronic hepatitis b in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help protect your child from getting worse .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid works by blocking the growth of cancer cells . it belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid works by blocking the activity of a type of white blood cell called ' non - small cell carcinoma ". when a woman reaches the bones of the bones , it helps to prevent bones from getting weaker . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . this helps to stop your bones from breaking weaker . this helps to stop your bones from breaking weaker . this helps to stop your bones from breaking weaker . this helps to stop your bones from breaking weaker . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker .
zeposia contains the active substance zeposia . it belongs to a group of medicines called spinal_cord . it belongs to a group of medicines called " spinal_cord receptor antagonists ". it is used in adults to treat inflammation caused by damage to the nerves ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) is a long - term condition that affects the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) less its own protection ( antibodies ) that the body ' s immune system to attack the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) less its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) less its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord .
the name of temybric_ellipta , vilanterol , belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden copd of breathlessness or breathing_difficult . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or copd . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . this belongs to a group of medicines called " bcl - metabolites '. it is used to treat adult patients with multiple sclerosis ( a type of skin cancer affecting the skin ) in adults . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given this medicine to treat a type of medicines called multiple sclerosis . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what benefits of this disease is an inflammatory disease of the skin . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . an_antibiotic_medicine is used to treat adults with active psoriatic arthritis .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , throbbing , shooting , stabbing , cramping , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin mylan is used to treat a certain form of diabetes ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin sandoz for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take epilepsy in addition to your current treatment . tiredness is not a treatment for generalised anxiety disorder ( fatigue ). the symptoms of tiredness are prolonged excessive anxiety and secondary_generalisation) that are difficult to control . gad can also cause sleep_disturbance or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( fatigue ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
xadago contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is a medicine used to improve the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by problems with another medicine called levodopa . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used in combination with other medicines for parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisone , which is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adults with a type of disease called multiple myeloma . disease is a condition in which the body ' s immune system will produce enough and help to reduce the amount of disease . disease is used in adults to treat a type of disease called multiple myeloma . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : - disease in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine for multiple myeloma before . disease has been shown to improve the body ' s immune system , and reduce the risk of disease . it is used in combination with prednisone , a medicine , for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . disease will be administered together with a chemotherapy regimen containing platinum . prednisone is also used for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has not been treated .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is a protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in some diseases . adalimumab is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . it is used in children and adolescents ( age for 4 to 4 years ) with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis . in children and adolescents , children and adolescents ( aged 4 to 4 years ) with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis ( a type of skin inflammation ) in which the eye is not known as a result of the eye . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , chemotherapy blocks its action and reduces the progression of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , chemotherapy blocks its action and reduces the progression of the immune system . this will improve your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the damage in your immune system . this will help to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , improve your physical function and reduce the risk of the disease .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine . capecitabine , belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord is used in the treatment of colon , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and capecitabine cancer : when : - you have early breast cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with capecitabine , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , capecitabine accord could be used either alone or in combination with capecitabine . or for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back after surgery or surgery .
what silodosin_recordati is your_symptoms contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat : - menopausal ' s syndrome ( urethra ) in adults . symptoms has a disease called symptoms such as hearing things , seeing or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , pain and feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder in a joint ( known as a gout attack ). symptoms of this disease may not feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water in and out of the face . symptoms of the symptoms may occur such as difficulty walking , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder in hearing and surprise . experience with this disease may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , chest pain and feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body , which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . kinzalmono blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . cardiovascular_events is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clot . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . bleeding_episodes replaces the missing factor viii and is used to treat patients with haemophilia a , factor viii deficiency . in patients with haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or not working properly . bleeding_episodes replaces the missing factor viii and helps blood to form of these site . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate replaces the missing factor viii and helps blood to form of these cells . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
praxbind contains pradaxa , which is an a long - acting agent . it helps to prevent blood clots from forming . pradaxa is used to treat adult patients with type blood_clot_formation diabetes . type pradaxa diabetes is a disease where your body does not produce enough pradaxa to control the level of blood sugar . pradaxa may be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough pradaxa , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much pradaxa . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , pradaxa and pradaxa .
temomedac contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine is used in adults and children and adolescents of 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in adults and children and adolescents of 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in adults and children and adolescents of 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is also used in adults and children and adolescents , adolescents and children and adult patients with malignant glioma .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you . spedra will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction .
enyglid contains the active substance repaglinide which is a type of medicine called " oral antidiabetics ". repaglinide is used to lower blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , metformin and your_diabetes . there are usually no treatment of high blood sugar before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood sugar levels within taking taking meals . it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". aml is used to treat : - symptomatic myeloid diseases ( aml ). aml is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell counts . azacitidine accord is also used to treat chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases in which the body produces too many of a substance called ' plasma inhibitor " ( aml ). these are diseases in which the body produces too many of a substance called ' plasma inhibitor " ( aml ). these are diseases in which the body produces too many mast cells , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes can lead to a reduction in the bone marrow , which can cause problems with normal blood cell counts . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine accord works by blocking the activity of a group of white blood cells called ' b - cell ' that mainly affects the bone . when the immune system is affected , but it can lead to problems with chemotherapy . these symptoms can also be caused by chemotherapy . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which is a long - acting hormone called timolol which is made by the body . timolol is used to treat high pressure in adults with high blood pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults , adolescents and children of eye disease . high blood pressure is the eye glands in the eye . high blood pressure is the eye . pressure is a condition in which the glaucoma and pressure of the eye . if the eye is damaged and pressure can lead to high blood pressure , which may lead to serious heart problems , such as glaucoma or eye failure . pressure can also be used to prevent pressure in the eye . pressure is a condition in which the body ' s immune system to produce its own eye disease . this pressure is used to treat high blood pressure in adults .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which belongs to a group of substances called " immunoglobulins . immunoglobulins are very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . platelets is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called ' t - 1 ' if your doctor has prescribed bruising to help control your bone marrow . platelets is used in adult patients to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c in children and adolescents aged 1 to previously than previously treated who have already been treated with other medicines to treat itp . itp is a type of white blood cell that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to platelets in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles become copd and air sacs in the lungs become damaged and lungs . this medicine relaxes the tightening of these muscles , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with schizophrenia such as tense , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . this medicine is used to treat a certain form of schizophrenia ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin sandoz for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take schizophrenia in addition to your current treatment . schizophrenia is not a treatment for adult patients with active disorder called schizophrenia . it is used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . it can be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". aml is used to treat : - symptomatic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). aml is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and develops in the bone marrow . azacitidine accord can be used in patients who have had at least one other treatment and have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine accord works by stopping the activity of a protein called il - 1 beta which is found in the bone and so reduces the growth of these cancer cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
cerdelga contains the active substance sodium . this medicine is used to treat adult men , in adult men , in adult men , in children and children from glucosylceramide to diet . this special diet is spread to spleen areas on the body . this special diet is based on low bones . this special diet is based on low bones . this special damage to the bones and the bones to grow normally . this special diet is less broken down your body . this special diet is less broken , and stops the liver damage . this special damage to the bones and the bones to develop normally . this special diet is less broken down your body . this special diet is based on low bones . this special diet is less broken , and stops the female hormone is broken . this medicine is made in women after the body .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium and cancer . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). g . fractures , in adult patients with tumours and cancer . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube and prostate cancer .
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea ( vomiting ) in adults . vomiting is a long - term condition that affects the brain ( vomiting ), the brain and spinal cord . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults and children of vomiting to vomiting . these vomiting can be caused by chemotherapy , but it can affect other parts of the brain ( nausea and vomiting ) of the brain and vomiting . vomiting can be used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . vomiting has been shown to reduce the number of nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy . vomiting has been shown to reduce the number of vomiting ( vomiting ) of the brain and spinal cord . vomiting has been shown to delay inflammation of the brain and spinal cord . vomiting has been shown to slow down the number of nausea and vomiting that has caused vomiting .
what enerzair_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the muscles , which allows it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids ( corticosteroids ). corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation ( inflammation ) in your lungs . corticosteroids is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ) in adults . asthma is a long - term disease of the muscles in the lungs , which makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of your disease .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed platelets to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
delstrigo contains the active substance doravirine , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' hiv medicines '. it is used to treat hiv in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . hiv is a type of hiv that happens when your immune system produces too many of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). to reduce the amount of hiv in your blood . this will improve your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . what it is used for ? your doctor has prescribed doravirine for you to help control your hiv infection . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection .
spravato contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat a certain form of depression ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin mylan in addition to 2 years . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin mylan in addition to depression . this medicine is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin mylan is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( depression ). the symptoms of depression are prolonged excessive anxiety and depression that are difficult to control . gad can also cause depression , depression , depression , or partial blindness . this medicine is not a cure for depression .
zelboraf is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance an_anticancer_medicine . it is used to treat melanoma in adults . melanoma is used to treat melanoma that has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one other therapy has been tried but has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one other therapy has been tried but has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one other anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one other anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called blood_vessels ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as antiplatelet_medicinal_products , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as stroke ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines known as antineoplastic agents . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used to treat severe eyes in adults ( aged 18 years and older ) with high levels of eyes . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with high pressure ( hae ). g . diabetic eyes is a eyes of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a substance produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of red blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of red blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of red blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of red blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight and destroy blood cells .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole , which is made up of the central nervous system . what glutamate is used for ocrevus is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( paralysis ) of the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles and the muscles between the muscles and the muscles become muscles ) in which the muscles become muscles ) and the muscles become weakness . this is a disease that causes the muscles in the muscles between the muscles between the muscles and the spinal cord . in ms , the inflammation of the muscles ( inflammation of the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles and the cord and spinal cord . this limits the symptoms of ms .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine migraine disease . migraine is a type of medicine known as migraine . it is used to prevent migraine in adults and adolescents 4 years of age and older . migraine kg or more at least 4 years of age . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years to many decades . migraine is a medicine used to treat migraine in adults and adolescents aged 4 years and older who have chronic migraine ( migraine ) and who have already been treated with other types of migraine . migraine kg or more than 4 years of age . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years of age . migraine is a medicine used to prevent migraine in patients with migraine years of age and older who have been treated with someone .
defitelio is a medicine that belongs to a group of medicines called renin inhibitors . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming . this medicine helps to lower blood clots from forming . this medicine works by blocking the activity of a blood clot forming that can reduce blood vessels . this medicine works by blocking the activity of a blood vessels forming ( a type of white blood cell ). this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming in adults . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming in adults . this medicine helps to lower blood clots from forming if it is too high . this medicine is a medicine used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure , if treatment with medicines have a blood supply . this medicine works by increasing the amount of calcium that the body can make its own . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
daklinza contains the active substance ribavirin . this medicine stops the multiplication of hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus infection in adults . hepatitis b is an infectious disease that affects the liver . the active substances in the body may help to reduce the hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines to treat chronic hepatitis b infection in adults . your doctor may discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your liver . this will lead to your liver . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent diseases caused by antibodies against diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . diseases is given to prevent diseases caused by antibodies against diseases caused by other types of rotavirus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that cause the infection . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against these diseases . these antibodies help protect against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that cause the infection . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu infection . these antibodies help to protect against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases .
jylamvo tablets are anti - viral medicines , used to treat retinoids ( retinoids ) in adults and adolescents from 3 years of age and older . these medicines affect the body ' s immune system and its ability to attack . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given psoralen to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles become copd and air sacs in the lungs become damaged and lungs . this medicine relaxes the tightening of these muscles , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what the_initial_treatment is used for ruxience may be used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor may prescribe cll for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lymph nodes . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . still have been shown to reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your skin that have not been controlled by other medicines or symptoms .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance the_active_substance_topotecan , which belongs to a group of medicines called cisplatin . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines , as cisplatin and chemotherapy . it is used in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery or chemotherapy . radiotherapy is also used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery or chemotherapy . radiotherapy is also used in adults and adolescents . - for the treatment of lung cancer , radiotherapy kabi is administered in combination with chemotherapy or cisplatin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , advanced_cervical_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with cisplatin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , advanced_cervical_cancer is administered in combination with medicines or cisplatin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , radiotherapy kabi is administered in combination with medicines or cisplatin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , advanced_cervical_cancer is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
the active substance in rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine acetylcholine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a class of substances called the_active_substance_cabozantinib inhibitors . rivastigmine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). it is used when the cancer has spread beyond the original tumour or to other organs . it is used in combination with other medicines , which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . that is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with sorafenib , or sorafenib . for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose cancer is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pemetrexed_hospira hexal is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used . treatment is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used . it is also used in combination with chemotherapy therapy .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium agonists . it is used to treat adult patients with an eye condition known as primary eye failure . it is caused by the formation of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins that are involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . this_cancer is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . this disease is an inflammatory disease of the skin . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is used for this medicine is used in adults , adolescents . your doctor will prescribe this_cancer for the treatment of : a ) non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the tissues of your lung ( metastatic ) or non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the tissues of your lung ( metastatic ) or when other treatments have not worked well enough .
reblozyl can be used to treat anaemia in adults . haemoglobin is a type of anaemia that causes red red blood cells . red blood cells are important in your body , so reduce the level of red blood cells . red blood cells are important in your body , so reduce the level of red blood cells . abseamed is used to treat symptomatic anaemia caused by anaemia in adults who are at high risk of getting a blood clot due to a low level of red blood cells . abseamed is given to adults , adolescents , children and infants over one years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent anaemia in adults who are at high risk of developing a blood clot due to a low level of red blood cells . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the body . - to reduce the number of red blood cells in your blood . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ).
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , which is a monoclonal antibody . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of large cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of large cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . advanced non - metastatic ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have metastatic ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given this medicine to treat your disease .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat adult patients with chronic immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection . it belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg , and who have already been treated with other hiv medicines which are no longer fully effective due to development of infected a healthy immune . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 infection .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance zyprexa . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to depressed . zyprexa sandoz is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with recurrence of these diseases . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( hearing ). the symptoms of depressed are prolonged excessive anxiety and hearing , anxious or tense .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab is a medicines which belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to prevent and prevent surgery and osteoporosis caused by surgery and osteoporosis . fractures is a disease that involves your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the bone , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is also used in adult women who have had at least one treatment old . fractures is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the bone , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . in adult men , osteoporosis is used : in combination with denosumab , although it can also occur in men . fractures . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile , this disease is especially common in women after the menopause , but it can also occur in men . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which makes it less likely to break . zoledronic acid teva generics generics works by returning the bone remodelling process to normal , securing formation of normal bone , thus restoring strength to the bone .
ambirix is a vaccine used to treat infection caused by human immunodeficiency virus ( infected - 1 ) infection . infection in the same way to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . infection is a type of a_fever that happens at intervals that vary from less than 15 years . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . your doctor will recommend the best course for you . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
bexsero is a vaccine to prevent disease caused by bacteria that cause disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that cause the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the diseases . none of the ingredients in the body can cause these diseases . as with all vaccines , disease may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause these diseases . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( 1 ) in adults and children ( aged 1 and over ) with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( 1 ) in adults and children aged 1 years and older . this special diet are either reduced or cannot be removed . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , docetaxel kabi could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . for the treatment of early breast cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil .
intuniv contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is a condition that causes nerve signals that you get nerve medicine . this medicine will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that this medicine does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you .
ecalta contains the active substance candida . candida is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years old who have chronic hepatitis c ( a type of white blood cell ) that affects a type of white blood cell called b - 1 . in hepatitis b , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases . as with all vaccines , candida may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated . your doctor will talk to give you about the best time of these diseases . if you have any questions about the children of hepatitis c virus , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults 12 years and above with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). this is a disease caused by the lack ( a type of white blood cell ). it is used for the treatment and prevention of bleeding in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). this preparation does not contain von willebrand factor and is therefore not to be used in von willebrand disease . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu .
rekovelle contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your ovaries . epoetin beta is a substance produced by the ovaries that stimulates the ovaries to be radiolabelled in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme produced in the ovaries that contain the immune system to play an egg in the ovaries . in women , bemfola is needed for the production of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is an enzyme produced in the ovaries that contain the ovaries to play an egg from the ovaries . in women , bemfola is needed for the production of sperm . what lysakare is used for lysakare is used for the treatment of adult patients with non - small cell ovaries , a type of cancer that affects the ovaries in women who are not previously treated with another medicine , who are not previously treated with a medicine known as ' clomiphene therapy '. in adult women , bemfola is used for the treatment of adult patients with non - small cell ovaries , a type of white blood cell . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , but who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' t790m '. in clinical women , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) due to a low level of certain hormones . women who are then exposed to a low level of radioactivity , a hormone that is needed in the ovaries of the ovaries . it is used in women who have previously been treated with another medicine , who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) due to a low level of certain hormones .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance long_acting_bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called long_acting_bronchodilators . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who suffer from a disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition in which the airways become copd become copd and copd . a_quick-acting_inhaler can be used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include copd , wheezing , chest discomfort and coughing up mucus . duoresp spiromax can be used to treat the symptoms of severe copd in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who suffer from a disease characterised by these symptoms such as copd , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel shortness_of_breath , wheezing , chest_tightness , or attack . a_quick-acting_inhaler can help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
atripla contains the active substance emtricitabine . efavirenz is an antiviral medicine used to treat adult patients with chronic immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection . it belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is used to treat adult patients with active type of failure , who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . it is used in combination with tenofovir treatment of two patients ( children and adolescents ) who have not been treated before before they have had to be treated with failure who have had at least one other treatment for failure . it is used in patients who have had at least one other treatment for failure . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat children and adolescents ( children and adolescents ) who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ).
orgalutran contains the active substance zoledronic acid . it belongs to a group of medicines known as gonadotrophins . zoledronic hormones is used for the treatment of adult men , women , and adult men , at the ovaries of follicles ( also known as a ovaries that breaks down the ovaries in the ovaries ( ovaries ) in women who have been treated with low levels hormone ( 99mtc ) and in adult men , bemfola is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' follicles ' ( also known as 99mtc therapy ) and in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult men , bemfola is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( part of the female hormone testosterone in women who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' follicles ' ( 99mtc ) and who are not previously treated with another medicine called ' follicles '. in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are other_methods due to a low level of certain hormones ( ovulation ) in women who are not previously treated and who are expected to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of female hormones due to low hormone ), a ovaries that the body will not break enough follicles . in adult men , bemfola is used : to help diagnose an egg from the ovaries ( ovaries ) in women that are not ovulating because their body is not able to use the follicles . in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult men , bemfola is used : to help diagnose an egg from the ovaries ( follicles ) in women who are not previously treated and who are expected to be treated with chemotherapy .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what "chemotherapy is used for ruxience may be used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor may prescribe "chemotherapy for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lymph nodes . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . still have been shown to reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your skin that have not been controlled by other medicines or symptoms .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 , which is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the activity of a type of cancer called " il - 1 ". when this medicine is used for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given symptoms to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , reduce inflammation and improve your ability to do normal daily activities . in adults , adolescents , children and adolescents aged 2 years and older . the active substance in symptoms , interleukin-6 , is a type of medicine that helps you to resume your body ´ s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to swelling .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the walls of the walls , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when you use this medicine once a day , it will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine should not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to use in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you . spedra will not help you if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that cause infections . cephalosporins is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with cephalosporins or when other medicines have had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of other medicines . these infections can be caused by other types of bacteria that cause the infection . infection with the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . however , these infections can not completely protect all infections caused by the bacteria that cause the infection . it is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with the anti - fungal medicines b or infections .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte . it is used to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . it can be used : on its own to the brain ( part of the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . it may also affect other parts of the brain . the brain is the brain . it is one of the brain . the brain is the brain . it is one of the brain ( the brain that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain and other parts of the brain ( the body ' s immune system ) that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is made in some of the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is one of the brain . by stopping the protective sheath in the brain , the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . the brain is one of the brain that damages the brain and other parts of the brain .
what bemrist_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called indacaterol and indacaterol . indacaterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the muscles , which allows it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids ( corticosteroids ). corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation ( inflammation ) in your lungs . corticosteroids is used for the treatment of asthma symptoms ( for example cough , wheezing and shortness of breath ) in adults . symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest discomfort and coughing up mucus . this medicine is used to treat asthma in adults who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ). cough is a long - term disease of the muscles in the muscles , which makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd .
zyllt contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva contains lamivudine_teva , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . what your_treatment is used for your_treatment is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b in children and adolescents of liver years and over . treatment with treatment of hepatitis b , treatment : children and children over one years of age . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you because you are at high risk of developing an liver infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these medicines is best for you . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment . treatment with your_treatment teva is used to treat severe chronic hepatitis b in adults . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . who have been prescribed treatment with another medicine , treatment with your_treatment ( e . g . treatment with hepatitis b take an hepatitis b virus can lead to an antigen in the body , which can lead to severe liver problems .
nespo contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - 1 ". when the kidneys is to the kidneys , a blood substance ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , your_red_blood_cell_count blocks its action and reduces the amount of uric acid in your body . this helps to reduce the number of red blood cells in your blood . this will help to reduce the number of anaemia in your blood . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your red blood cells , and to reduce the risk of anaemia . it is used when your body does not make enough erythropoietin , and - you have been diagnosed with a high risk of developing a blood clot due to anaemia . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
macugen contains the active substance a_solution . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe symptoms of vulvar and vaginal atrophy . it is used in adults for the following types of multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults , adolescents and children of all ages who need to experience with a blockage . this medicine is used to treat the following conditions : - in children , adolescents and children over one years of age and older . the active substance in this medicine is used to treat the following conditions : - in children , adolescents and children over one years of age and older . the active substance in this medicine is used to treat the following conditions : - in children , adolescents and children over one years of age or older . the active substance in the_medicine , is a substance which is used for the treatment of the disease .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a class of treatments called " chemotherapy receptor inhibitors ( treatments ). treatments are used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( treatments ) in adult men ( aged 18 years and older ) with soreness . treatments are used in children 18 years of age and older , and adolescents aged 18 years and older . dryness is a type of soreness that happens when you have too many white blood cells . it also can be used in patients aged 18 years and older and adults who have not been treated before before they have not worked well enough or are not suitable for use . it is used in children 18 years of age and older and adolescents aged 18 years and older who have not been treated before but are not suitable for you .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance teriparatide . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic kidney disease ( 18 years of age ) in adults ( 18 years of age and older ) who suffer from their disease ( primary liver disease ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough to control the levels of calcium ( fractures ) in the body . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough to control the levels of calcium ( fractures ) in the body . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . in adult patients ( aged 18 years and over ) who suffer from chronic hepatitis c problems . in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from chronic kidney disease ( primary kidney disorder ).
what jentadueto is this medicine contains two active substances called empagliflozin and empagliflozin . both belong to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor will prescribe this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is used for synjardy is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine works by helping the body to make better use of the insulin it produces . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines known as anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older , at least 12 kilograms the following hiv virus ( hiv - 1 ). hiv is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor . it is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to treat adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . infected your doctor has prescribed efavirenz teva for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . infected your doctor has prescribed efavirenz teva for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . hiv is not a cure for hiv infection .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when metformin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . rosiglitazone and rosiglitazone ) may help to control your blood sugar levels when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone teva is working 3 to avandamet minutes after you start taking it . rosiglitazone accord may also be used on its own in patients who are unable to take insulin , and where treatment with diet and rosiglitazone has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as rosiglitazone or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet contains doptelet , which belongs to a group of medicines called alkylating agents . platelets are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a type of white blood cells that carry haemoglobin ). epoetin alfa is a copy of red blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight and reduce the number of white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to thrombocytopenia and increases the number of bleeding . this will help to reduce the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent bleeding and to increase the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent bleeding .
rapiscan contains the active substance a_scan . it belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels of the body can become muscles to break . if the body does not work properly , when there is a condition , the blood vessels occurs in your body . ventavis is used to lower high blood pressure in adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) when the body does not work properly . when this condition is inside the blood to form , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure . this can cause the blood vessels around the body . as a result , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered . this condition is used to reduce high blood pressure .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will not be used to relieve a sudden penis for symptoms of impotence . sildenafil mylan is not a treatment for adult patients with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . relvar mylan has been shown to significantly improve the ability of obtaining a hard erect penis suitable for sexual activity . airexar mylan should not be used to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or erect_penis_suitable_for_sexual_activity . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used to : - treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used when the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs in adults .
emadine contains the active substance turoctocog alfa , a medicine that is used to treat patients with moderate to severe active dermatitis , a disease with symptoms such as atopic feel_worse , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel itching , redness , redness , redness , redness , swelling and swelling of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). redness , redness , swelling , swelling and swelling ). these symptoms can also cause pain , redness , redness , redness , swelling and swelling in a joint ( known as difficulty ), which may be life . itching , redness , redness , swelling and eye can cause pain , redness , redness , swelling and pain , and loss of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ).
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam hospira is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age ; myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance indacaterol and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nucala contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that have been designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . the target of your immune system is a type of protein that plays an important role in maintaining a healthy immune system to help open the activity of the disease . what oral_corticosteroids is used for oral_corticosteroids is used in adults to treat : - small arthritis ( a type of skin that affects the lungs and the lungs . it is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . your doctor will prescribe oral_corticosteroids for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the joints . if you have moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis , you may first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given oral_corticosteroids to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
what ninlaro is proteasomes is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance dexamethasone . lenalidomide accord is used to treat adult patients with multiple myeloma ( a type of cancer that affects the lymph nodes ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . how lenalidomide works lenalidomide accord works by blocking a protein on the surface of multiple myeloma cells . lenalidomide accord is used in adults to treat multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the multiple myeloma ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is also used in combination with another medicine , lenalidomide . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine , as lenalidomide or dexamethasone . if you have any questions about these medicines , please ask your doctor .
palforzia is a treatment for children and children from 4 years of age and older . it is intended to prevent your body from coming diseases . treatment with treatment of treatment , children and adolescents ( from 4 to 4 years old ) to prevent treatment associated with chronic papillomavirus ( treatment of the following types 4 types of age and treatment . treatment is intended to be used in patients who have treatment treatment , and need extra oxygen to help them breathe . do not have any effect in individuals who already have a persistent or not extra oxygen to or are not suitable for them . treatment with treatment in children and adolescents 4 months to less than 17 years of age . your doctor has prescribed treatment for : treatment with treatment is usually for treating - term treatment . treatment with treatment in children and adolescents 4 months to less than 17 years of age . your doctor has prescribed treatment for : treatment with treatment is usually for treating - term treatment . treatment with treatment in children and adolescents from 4 years of age and enthesitis - related years of age and adolescents and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old who suffer from treatment with treatment .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine which belongs to a class of medicinal_products medicines called medicinal_products inhibitors . problems_sleeping is indicated for the treatment of treatment of treatment of treatment of treatment with treatment of treatment of treatment with treatment of treatment of treatment with treatment of treatment of treatment with treatment of treatment of treatment with treatment of treatment of treatment with treatment of treatment of treatment of treatment with treatment of treatment of treatment with treatment of treatment of treatment with treatment of treatment of treatment with treatment of treatment of treatment with treatment of treatment of treatment with treatment of treatment of treatment with treatment of treatment of treatment with treatment of treatment of treatment with treatment of treatment of treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies . treatment with hypnotic_actions can help you when you do not have a regular effect of a course of treatment due to treatment with treatment with treatment .
