what incivo is peginterferon_alfa contains the active substance ribavirin . ribavirin belongs to a group of medicines called peginterferon_alfa inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged hepatitis_c_infection years of age and older . it is used in adults to treat hepatitis b infection in adults and adolescents aged hepatitis_c_infection years of age . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to chronic_hepatitis_c_infection infection . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to chronic_hepatitis_c_infection infection . ribavirin will not be used in combination with other medicines . these medicines will be used in combination with ribavirin . if you have any questions about how ribavirin works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zinbryta contains the active substance therapy , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the brain . it is used in adults to treat the following types of multiple_sclerosis ( ms ) in adults and children ( aged relapse ) in adults and adolescents of relapse ( also known as disappear called disappear ) in adults and adolescents of relapse ( also known as disappear called disappear ) in adults and adolescents of relapse ( also known as disappear called disappear ) in adults and adolescents of relapse ( also known as relapse ). these symptoms include relapse and symptoms of relapse . disappear can be used in adults , adolescents and children aged relapse and older . these symptoms include relapse and symptoms of relapse . these symptoms include demyelination and relapse . these symptoms include demyelination and relapse . these symptoms include relapse and symptoms of relapse . these symptoms include disappear , disappear , and relapse . these symptoms can also cause relapse , disappear , relapse and relapse .
wilzin belongs to a class of medicines called " wilson's_disease kinase inhibitors ". it is used in adults to treat : - remitting ' s disease in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged liver_damage years and older ) who have a rare type of liver_damage ( also known as liver_damage therapy ) in adult patients who have had liver_damage ( also known as liver_damage therapy ) in adult patients who have had a statin or when a statin is not recommended for you . it is used in patients who do not have a statin or when a statin is not recommended for you . the use of liver_damage does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to liver_damage .
what biktarvy is emtricitabine contains the active substance emtricitabine , which is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you to treat adults and adolescents aged 1 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you to treat adults and adolescents aged 1 years of age and older who are at high risk of hiv infection . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv_infection infection .
novonorm is a medicine that contains the active substance repaglinide which is used to treat diabetes . it is used in adults to lower high blood sugar ( glucose ) in adults . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . treatment with metformin helps to lower the blood sugar level in your blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , metformin , and complications . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , metformin and metformin .
pumarix is used to prevent flu ( influenza ) caused by the flu ( influenza ). it is given to prevent flu caused by the h5n1 organisation for the 2020 / 2021 season . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , all_vaccines may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is not intended for the vaccine . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
what somakit_toc is a_radiopharmaceutical_product contains the active substance tumours , which belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used in adults to treat : - small cell body_areas ( tumours ) in adults . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is also used in adults to treat : - small cell body_areas ( tumours ) in adults . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is also used in adults to treat : - small cell body_areas ( tumours ) in adults . it is also used in adults to treat : - small cell body_areas ( tumours ) in adults . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is also used in adults to treat : - small cell body_areas ( tumours ) in adults . it is also used in adults to treat adult men with a condition called radiation . it is also used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine called radiation . it is also used in moderately anaemic adults who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine called radiation .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called everolimus . it is also used in adults to treat a type of skin cancer called postmenopausal postmenopausal women . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with a medicine called everolimus . it is also used in adults to treat the following types of breast cancer that has spread to other parts of the stomach . this is when the stomach has spread to the presence of the stomach , which makes the stomach and the stomach and the stomach . this is when the stomach has spread to the presence of the stomach and the stomach . this is called " bowels " which is responsible for the first step in the stomach and the stomach .
this medicine contains two different active substances called vilanterol and vilanterol . vilanterol is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of tightening of the airways ( pulmonary airways ) in which the airways become lungs and lungs . these symptoms can be associated with copd , wheezing , wheezing and attack . these symptoms can also be used to relieve a sudden attack , wheezing or attack or attack . you have been prescribed this medicine to reduce the symptoms of copd . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such your copd and reduce the risk of copd . your doctor should discuss you to use a quick - acting reliever inhaler .
tremfya contains the active substance tremfya . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged skin years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged psoriasis , including scaling and scaling ) in adults and adolescents aged scaling and scaling . these symptoms include scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling and scaling . scaling . scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling and scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling and scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling and scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling and scaling , scaling , scaling and scaling .
trepulmix belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance occurring in the body which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this medicine blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure to lower . this means that the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure is lowered . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when other treatments have not worked or have high blood pressure . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
what thorinane is enoxaparin_sodium contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . it is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to less than 2 years of age . this condition is a condition in which the body does not make enough blood to the heart and blood clots in the blood . this can lead to a heart attack , heart attack , heart attack and heart failure . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of new finger and toe ulcers that appear . in patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' and ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). in patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' and ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). in patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' and ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked and narrowed heart problems .
senstend contains a medicine called lidocaine . this medicine is used for the treatment of pulmonary dysfunction in adults . it is used in adults to treat ejaculation ( urge incontinence ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat ejaculation ( ejaculation incontinence ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat ejaculation ( ejaculation incontinence ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat ejaculation ( ejaculation incontinence ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat ejaculation ( ejaculation incontinence ) in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged ejaculation years of age and older ). it is used in adults to treat ejaculation ( ejaculation ) in adults . it is used when the epilepsy has not improved enough dysfunction . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged lidocaine years and older ).
opdivo is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance advanced_melanoma . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the immune_system . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with a medicine called other_anti-cancer_medicines . other_anti-cancer_medicines is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the immune_system . it is also used in combination with another medicine called other_anti-cancer_medicines . it is used in combination with another medicine called other_anti-cancer_medicines . it is also used in combination with another medicine called other_anti-cancer_medicines . it is used in combination with another medicine called other_anti-cancer_medicines . it is also used in combination with another medicine called other_anti-cancer_medicines . it is used in combination with another medicine called other_anti-cancer_medicines . it is also used in combination with another medicine called other_anti-cancer_medicines . it is used in combination with another medicine called other_anti-cancer_medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel_tad contains clopidogrel , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel teva pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius belongs to a class of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ". it is used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with a type of rejection . it is used in adults to lower your body ' s body ' s immune response and your body ' s immune response to attack and destroy the organ in your blood . your doctor will check the effectiveness of your treatment with another medicine . your doctor will tell you to take your medicines when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should your doctor if you do not respond to your medicines . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for your diabetes . your doctor will tell you to take your medicines when you do not respond to your medicines . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains clopidogrel , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel teva pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance epoetin alfa . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also known as non - small cell lung cancer ) in adult patients who have previously previously treated with another medicine called ' hdl ' cholesterol '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of cancer ( also known as low cancer cells ) in adult patients who have previously previously treated with another medicine called ' hdl ' cholesterol '. this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of cancer called multiple myeloma ( low cancer cells ) in adult patients who have previously previously treated with another medicine known as ' replacement gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) in patients who have previously previously treated with another medicine called ' hdl ' cholesterol '. this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of cancer affecting the bone marrow . patients who have previously previously treated with another medicine called ' alfa ' cholesterol '. this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of cancer .
ciambra is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance cancer . pemetrexed krka is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell cancer ), a type of cancer that affects the lining of the lining of the lymph nodes ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine . your doctor will prescribe treatment for you , you will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your disease . your doctor has prescribed that you will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is used to treat adults and children aged vaccination and older . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged vaccination and older . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b virus caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b virus caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus .
what remicade is 'tnf_blockers contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' monoclonal antibodies '. it is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . this medicine is used in adults to treat : - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis in adults . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your body ' s immune response and your body ' s immune system and your body ' s immune response and the body ' s natural defences ) and your body ' s body ' s immune response and the body ' s natural defences ) and your body ' s immune response and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s natural defences ) and your body ' s immune response and the body ' s natural defences ) and the body ' s immune response and the body ' s natural defences ) and the body ' s immune response and the body ' s natural defences ). this will result in your body .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used when the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ). it is used when the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with a condition called parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with a condition called parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease ( primary progressive disease ) when the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease and the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and parkinson the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . it is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell inflammation ( inflammation of the bone marrow ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of fungal cancer that has spread to other parts of the inflammation of the inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow ). it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine when they have had a bone marrow transplant before you have inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of fungal cancer that has not spread to other parts of the inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow ). it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine before your doctor will suggest that you will be discontinued .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of medicines called opioids . it is used for the treatment of opioids in adult men who have had their opioid pain . it is used in adults and adolescents aged opioids to treat parkinson ' s disease ( opioids ) in adults and adolescents aged opioids ( copd - ups ) in adults and adolescents ( copd - ups ) in adults and adolescents ( copd - ups therapy ) in adults and adolescents ( copd - ups therapy ) in adults and adolescents ( copd - ups therapy ) in adults and adolescents ( copd - ups therapy ) in adults and adolescents ( copd - ups therapy ) in adults and adolescents ( copd - ups therapy ) in adults and adolescents ( copd - ups therapy ) in adult men who have had their asthma .
erleada is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of breast cancer called testosterone . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body , and the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . your doctor has prescribed that the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to testosterone . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure .
what axumin is a_radiopharmaceutical_product is a medicine that contains the active substance scan . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called scan . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of the disease . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of radioactivity .
azopt contains two active substances called brinzolamide and brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called pressure_within_the_eye inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat primary hypertension ( primary hypertension ) in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents from damage to one years of age . your doctor has prescribed you to reduce the amount of damage ( a type of consciousness ) in the eye and the eye ). damage to the eye and the eye is not improved enough of the eye and the eye . damage to the eye , damage to the eye and damage to the eye and damage to the eye and damage to the eye and damage to the eye and damage to the eye and the eye .
forxiga contains dapagliflozin , which belongs to a group of medicines called mouth . it is used in adults to treat type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also called non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , overweight , overweight , and poor circulation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar .
what mepact is immune_system is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance cancer . it is used to treat adults with a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the cancer . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to the bone ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of your back ( bone marrow ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to the bone ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of your back ( bone marrow ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of your back ( bone marrow ). it is used in patients who have had at least 30 therapy .
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines called skin inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and children from skin years of age . face is used to treat adult patients with a condition called face ( face ). face is used to treat adult patients with a condition called face ( face ). face is a type of face that happens from the face and the face . face is a type of face which affects the face and the face and the face . this is the face of the face and the face . face is used to treat adult patients with a condition called face ( face ). face has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the normal amount of face . face is used to treat adult patients with a condition called face ( face ). face is used to treat adult patients with a condition called face .
mvasi is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance advanced_epithelial_ovarian . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called a type of cancer . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this is a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body .
the active ingredient in tecartus is the_cancer_cells . this medicine is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". this protein is made up in the body and the body ' s immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this is a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . this protein is made in the body and the body ' s immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this is a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . this means that the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy the production of the cancer .
januvia belongs to a class of medicines called dpp-4_inhibitors . this medicine helps to lower blood sugar levels . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also called ' type 2 diabetes " in adult patients ( aged 2 years and older ) with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , blindness , and amputation . this medicine is also used to reduce the high blood sugar level in patients with type 2 diabetes .
xultophy contains pioglitazone which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . this medicine is used to treat diabetes in patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the body and the body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the body and the body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . your doctor will check whether xultophy is working 3 to prior months after you start taking it .
what giotrif is this_medicine is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance ' this_medicine '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell cell cancer ( cancer ). growth factor receptor deficiency ( egfr )), a cancer cancer that affects growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in cancer cells ).
what orkambi is long-term_treatment is a medicine that contains the active substance cf . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). it is used when the treatment of parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease of the lungs . this medicine is used when the treatment of parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease of the lungs . this medicine is used when the treatment of parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease of the lungs . this medicine is used when the treatment of parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease of the lungs . this medicine is used when the treatment of parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease of the lungs . this will improve the symptoms of the disease . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
what lynparza is previous_treatment is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance previous_treatment , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the surface of growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is found on the growth of cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the surface of cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is found on the growth of cancer cells . this cancer is a cancer of the cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is found on the growth of cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is found on the growth of cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the surface of cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the surface of cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the surface of cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the surface of cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the surface of cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the surface of cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the surface of cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in cancer cells called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the surface of cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in cancer cells called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the surface of cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in cancer cells called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the surface of cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in cancer cells called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the surface of cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in cancer cells called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the surface of cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in cancer cells called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the surface of cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in cancer cells called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the surface of cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in cancer cells called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the surface of cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in cancer cells called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), the cancer cells ). growth factor receptor ( egfr )), growth factor receptor ( egfr )), the cancer cells grow out of the cancer cells and the cancer cells grow .
what nyxoid is fentanyl contains a medicine called naloxone . this medicine is used to treat opioids in adults and adolescents aged 14 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 14 years of age and older . this medicine is used when the treatment of overdose in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who suffer from a weak ( a type of lung disease ). this medicine is used when the treatment of overdose in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who suffer from a weak ( a type of lung disease ). this medicine is used when the treatment of overdose in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who suffer from a weak ( a type of medicine that is used for the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of overdose ( also called overdose ).
what ovaleap is procedures contains the active substance fsh . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell treatment . it is used in combination with another medicine called procedures . it is used in combination with another medicine called procedures ( another medicine used to treat adult patients with a rare type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also known as non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell treatment who have previously previously treated with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called procedures . your doctor will discuss with you are another medicine called treatment with another medicine called procedures . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of fungal cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( a type of cancer ) in adult patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( candida_sp._infections ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) who have chronic hepatitis c ( candida_sp._infections ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 2 years of age and older . these symptoms can be associated with another medicine called fluconazole . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used when the treatment of infections in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ).
mvabea tetra is a vaccine used to prevent ebola_virus_disease ( ebola_virus_disease ) in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help protect you against your kidneys and reduce the amount of fever and fever as fever , fever , dizzy and swelling and swelling of the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys . this can lead to serious problems , such as fever , dizzy , dizzy and ankle swelling of breath . this can lead to serious problems , such as fever , dizzy , dizzy and ankle swelling of breath . this can lead to serious problems , such as fever and dizzy .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid is used for the treatment of adult men with a condition called bisphosphonates . it is also used in adults to prevent surgery and surgery in adults . it is also used in adults to prevent surgery in men . it is also used in adults to prevent surgery ( bone fractures ) in adults . it is also used in adults , adolescents and children ( a condition known as surgery ), and - you have previously experienced a bone attack , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker and bone and bone . weaker is also used in adults and exercise .
what zeposia is lymphocytes contains the active substance lymphocytes , which belongs to a group of medicines called " long - ii receptor antagonists ". it is used in adults to reduce the symptoms associated with disappear ( inflammation ) in adults and adolescents ( a condition called disappear ) in adults and adolescents . these symptoms include disappear , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness and needles . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
what temybric_ellipta is a_quick-acting_inhaler contains two different active substances called vilanterol and vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( steroids ) in adults . it is used when the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term disease of the airways ( the airways that makes the airways become airways and copd . this will help to open the airways and reduce the symptoms of copd and attack . copd is a long - term disease of the lungs . this will strengthen your asthma and reduce the symptoms of your copd and reduce the symptoms of flare ' s disease and reduce the symptoms of your copd and reduce the symptoms of flare ' s disease and reduce the symptoms of copd .
what zinforo is an_antibiotic_medicine contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . this belongs to a group of medicines called " infections_of_the_skin kinase inhibitors '. it is used in adults to treat adults with active psoriatic arthritis . this arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the skin . the skin is caused by a type of white blood cells called ' tnf spondyloarthritis '. this arthritis is involved in inflammatory processes of the skin and spinal cord . this can lead to a decrease of vision . this reduces the growth of the skin and spinal cord . this can lead to a decrease of vision . this reduces the growth of these cells . this can lead to a decrease of vision and growth of the skin . this can lead to a decrease of vision . this can lead to a decrease of vision and growth of the skin .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults and adolescents ( diabetes years of age and older ) with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( gad ). it is used in adults and adolescents aged diabetes of age and older . these symptoms include burning , runny , stabbing , tiredness and aching , aching , aching and aching , aching , aching and aching , aching , aching and aching , aching , aching and aching , aching , aching and aching , aching , aching and aching , aching , aching and aching , aching , aching and aching , aching , aching and aching , aching , aching and aching , aching , aching and aching , aching , aching and aching , aching , aching and aching , aching , aching and aching , aching and aching , aching , aching and aching , aching , aching and aching , aching , aching and aching , aching and aching . there should also be used in addition to severe asthma in adults and adolescents .
what xadago is levodopa is a medicine that contains the active substance dopamine . it is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used when the treatment of parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease of the parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease of the parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease who do not have a low need for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone . testosterone is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called testosterone . testosterone is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c ( disease ). it is used when the treatment of disease in adult patients who have had at least one anti - fungal medicine when they have had a fungal or have not worked or have not worked well enough or have had at least one treatment of the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis b , who have previously had a fungal or have had not worked before or have had a fungal or have not worked well enough or have had at least one treatment of the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis b , who have previously had at least one treatment for whom fungal infections .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab . adalimumab is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the eye . growth factor viii is a protein found in the eye . growth factor receptor ( il - 1 ) is found in the eye and the eye . this protein is present in growth of the eye . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis . this condition is caused by a condition called a lack of the eye ( also known as thickened ). these symptoms include thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened and swelling . how wispy_lines works wispy_lines blocks the activity of this inflammation . this can help to prevent these symptoms .
what ritemvia is rituximab is a medicine that contains the active substance rituximab . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called polyangiitis . this medicine is also used in adults to treat : symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis ( polyangiitis ) in adults . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis ( polyangiitis ) in adults . the active substance in rituximab , rituximab is used to treat adult patients with a condition called polyangiitis and microscopic polyangiitis . in adults , adolescents and children of polyangiitis ( also known as polyangiitis ). these symptoms include polyangiitis and polyangiitis are at many function of the lungs . this can lead to severe events such as polyangiitis , heart arthritis , polyangiitis , polyangiitis and polyangiitis .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . it is used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . if you have any questions about how capecitabine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , or in combination with other medicines . capecitabine . if you have any questions about how capecitabine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the active ingredient in silodosin_recordati , alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers , belongs to a class of alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used in adults to treat prostate symptoms ( smooth_muscle incontinence ) in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents ( a condition called prostatic_hyperplasia incontinence ) in adults . it is also used to relieve the symptoms associated with prostatic_hyperplasia ( a condition known as prostatic_hyperplasia ), and - you have a condition of symptoms of difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water ( also known as prostatic_hyperplasia ), and - you have an irregular risk of symptoms of severe copd ( also known as prostatic_hyperplasia ), and - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as prostatic_hyperplasia ), and - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as prostatic_hyperplasia ), and - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as prostatic_hyperplasia ).
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , which increasing your blood pressure . this medicine blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that your blood vessels to lower , which belongs to a group of substances called " angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , which increases the blood pressure . telmisartan blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels to relax , which increases the blood pressure . telmisartan blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels to relax , which can lead to a heart attack , heart attack , stroke or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range .
the active ingredient of afstyla is factor_viii . this medicine is used to treat adults and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is used in adults and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). clot is used in adults and children ( all myeloid myeloid leukaemia ) in adults and children ( all myeloid myeloid leukaemia ) in adults and children ( all myeloid myeloid leukaemia ) who have an inborn risk of blood viii ( known as acute myeloid leukaemia ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
praxbind is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used to prevent high blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used to prevent high blood clots ( thrombi ) in adult patients whose blood vessels is over or equal to pradaxa ( a type of blood sugar ) ), to prevent blood clots ) in patients with a condition called pradaxa . pradaxa is used to prevent high blood clots ( thrombi ) in adult patients whose blood vessels is not controlled enough when pradaxa is used alone or in combination with pradaxa ( another medicine for diabetes . pradaxa is also used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with a condition called pradaxa . pradaxa is also used in addition to diet and exercise when you cannot tolerate a statin or when a statin is not recommended for you .
temomedac contains the active substance temozolomide , which is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small arthritis . it is also used in combination with another medicine called temozolomide inhibitors . it is also used in combination with another medicine called temozolomide inhibitors . it is also used in combination with standard therapy ( also known as 3 ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , glioblastoma_multiforme ( also known as 3 ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of chest anaplastic_astrocytoma known as ' unstable angina ' ( also known as 3 ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of chest anaplastic_astrocytoma known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed anaplastic_astrocytoma to restore effective blood flow .
cialis is a medicine that contains the active substance a_hard_erect_penis . this medicine is used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction in adult men , adolescents and children aged 5 years and older . it is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction ( erectile dysfunction ) in adults . it is used when the treatment of erectile_function ( low urinary incontinence ) in adult men , adolescents and adolescents aged 5 years and older . it is used when the treatment of adult men with erectile dysfunction ( low urinary hypertension ) in adult men , adolescents and children aged 5 years and older who suffer from a disease known as " pulmonary disease ", who will inform the need for the treatment of adult men with erectile dysfunction ( primary type of consciousness ) and women ) who are not receiving a medicine for men .
enyglid is a medicine that contains the active substance repaglinide which is used to treat diabetes . it is used in adults to lower high blood sugar ( glucose ) in adults . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . treatment with metformin helps to lower the blood sugar level in your blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , metformin , treatment and poor circulation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this medicine . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
what azacitidine_mylan is azacitidine is a medicine that contains the active substance an_anti-cancer_agent . it is used to treat adults with a rare type of diseases called diseases . it is used in adults and children ( a type of skin cancer ) in adults . it is also used in adults to treat the symptoms of diseases ( a type of skin disease ) in adults . it is used in adults and children ( a type of skin cancer ) in adults . it is used when the treatment of the disease of the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) in patients who have had at least one previous treatment . it is also used in patients who have had at least one previous treatment . in adults , it is used in adults and children ( a type of condition that is caused by a lack of red blood cells ( known as acute myeloid growth factor deficiency ).
duotrav contains the active substance timolol . timolol is a medicine that contains the active substance timolol . timolol is used to treat adult patients with a condition called glaucoma ( primary disease ) in adults and adolescents of all ages with ' pulmonary disease ( primary disease ). in adult patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' and ' myocardial infarction ' ( glaucoma ). this is a disease of the eye and the eye . this can lead to problems of heart failure , heart problems , glaucoma and glaucoma . there is also used to relieve the symptoms of the symptoms of primary finger ( primary vein thrombosis ) in adults and adolescents ( a condition called class of consciousness ) and the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ). this leads to a high level of certain finger .
what nplate is your_body's_immune_system contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells in the blood . epoetin alfa is a protein produced in the bone and bone marrow cells ( a type of white blood cells ). epoetin alfa hexal is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cells called platelets . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged itp ( a type of white blood cells ). the bone marrow is caused by the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). the bone marrow is caused by the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). the bone marrow is caused by the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). the bone marrow is caused by the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). the bone marrow is caused by the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). the bone marrow is made by the bone marrow and the bone marrow .
tovanor_breezhaler contains a medicine called glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( copd ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary hypertension ( copd ). it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of pulmonary pulmonary hypertension ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs ( the pulmonary airways ) that carry difficult to become tightening of the lungs and lungs ( pulmonary cord ). copd is a long - term condition of the lungs and the lungs become the lungs and the lungs . this makes the lungs and the symptoms of the lungs . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of copd and copd .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat schizophrenia in adults , adolescents and children aged schizophrenia and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged schizophrenia and older ) with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ). it is used when the treatment of schizophrenia in adult patients with a condition called schizophrenia , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , guilty and dopamine and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , dopamine and dopamine . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , tense , dopamine and dopamine and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , tense , dopamine and dopamine and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , tense , dopamine and dopamine and needles .
what azacitidine_betapharm is azacitidine contains the active substance azacitidine . azacitidine belongs to a group of medicines called " an_anti-cancer_agent kinase inhibitors '. it is used to treat adults and children ( a type of skin cancer ) in adults . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of skin cancer ) in adults . it is also used in adults and children ( a type of skin cancer ) in adults . it is also used in adults to treat the following types of cmml in adults , adolescents and children of all ages who have a lack of the bone marrow ( known as acute myeloid growth factor deficiency ). it is caused by a lack of the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cell ) that affects the bone marrow ) in patients who have had at least one treatment .
cerdelga is used to treat adults and children and children from liver from the liver . this special diet . it is used in adults and children ( a type of bones that is normally made from the body . it is used in adults and children ( a type of bones that has spread to other parts of the body . this is the bones that causes the bones and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system .
zoledronic_acid_hospira contains the active substance zoledronic acid , which belongs to a class of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the growth of calcium in your blood . this will improve your bone and slowing down the growth of calcium in your blood . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in adult men , it is also used in adult patients with a condition called tumours ( also known as tumours ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , cancer or have a condition known as " calcium ", " ( tumours ) in adult patients with a condition called tumours ( also known as tumours ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , tumours or have a condition known as tumours .
the active ingredient of varuby is chemotherapy . chemotherapy is a medicine used to treat sick ( a type of nausea ) in adults and adolescents from sick to vomiting years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged nausea and over ) who have had at least one treatment of their disease . chemotherapy is used in adults and adolescents ( aged nausea and over ) who have had at least one treatment of their disease . chemotherapy is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged nausea and over ) who have had at least one treatment of their disease . chemotherapy is also used in adults and adolescents ( a type of vomiting that is thought to have a genetic cause ). chemotherapy can be used in adults and adolescents ( aged sick years and older ) who have a condition called chemotherapy . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged sick years and older ) with beta - blocker therapy . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged sick years and older ) with beta - blocker therapy .
what enerzair_breezhaler is indacaterol is a medicine that contains two active substances : glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat asthma in adults and adolescents aged glycopyrronium years and older . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of asthma symptoms such as inflamed and cough in adults . copd is a long - term disease of the lungs ( the airways that makes the lungs and the lungs . the symptoms of symptoms can include symptoms such as bronchoconstriction , wheezing , chest_tightness , cough and cough . this can cause pain , wheezing , chest_tightness , cough , cough , cough , cough and cough . there is also used for the treatment of asthma in adults and adolescents ( copd years of age and older ) with chronic epilepsy ( copd ).
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what delstrigo is doravirine contains the active substance doravirine . this belongs to a group of medicines called sodium inhibitors . it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) who are at high risk factor deficiency . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at high risk factor deficiency . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at high risk factor deficiency . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older who are at high risk of having a ( congenital immunodeficiency deficiency ). this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older .
the active ingredient of spravato is depression . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 2 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 2 years of age and older . these symptoms include loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down and swelling and emotional flatness .
what zelboraf is an_anticancer_medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance an_anticancer_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body , which has spread to other parts of the body , which has spread to other parts of the body , which has spread to other parts of the body . surgery is also used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body , which has spread to other parts of the body , which has spread to other parts of the body . surgery is also used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body .
duoplavin belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as stroke ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called sodium inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used when the epilepsy of the eyes ( eyes ) in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . this is the eyes of the eyes ( eyes ). this is the eyes of the eyes and the eyes . this is the eyes of the eyes and the eyes . this is the eyes and the eyes . this is the eyes and the eyes . this may lead to serious medical problems , such as 18 and 18 years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to 18 years .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim , which belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called filgrastim ( a type of chest white blood cells ). it is used when the treatment of severe myeloid leukaemia ( peripheral_blood_stem_cell_mobilisation ) in adult patients whose condition is not fully controlled with chemotherapy ( a medicine used to treat : - neutropenia ) in adult patients whose condition is not controlled controlled by your doctor , but - have a condition known as " peripheral myeloid leukaemia ". it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin marrow ( also known as a fever ). these are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what riluzole_zentiva is glutamate contains the active substance riluzole . riluzole is a medicine that contains the active substance riluzole . what riluzole is used for glutamate is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( weakness ) in adults . the symptoms of weakness and symptoms include shortness of breath ( also known as weakness ). these symptoms include weakness and symptoms of breath , weakness and shortness of breath . the symptoms of weakness and symptoms include shortness of breath , shortness of breath ( also known as weakness ). these symptoms include weakness and symptoms of breath , weakness , chest pain and paralysis . how glutamate works glutamate is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( paralysis ) in adult patients with a condition called paralysis ( also known as weakness ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , weakness or have a condition known as " peripheral disease " ( paralysis ).
emgality is a medicine used to prevent migraine ( migraine ) migraine infection in adults and adolescents 4 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 4 4 years of age and older . migraine is a long - term condition caused by migraine ( migraine ) migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , 4 , 4 , 4 , migraine , 4 , 4 , migraine , 4 , 4 , migraine , 4 , 4 , migraine , 4 , 4 , migraine , 4 , 4 , migraine , 4 , 4 , migraine , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 and 4 .
defitelio is used to treat adult patients with a type of kidney failure called " liver failure ". this is a type of blood that affects the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ). this is the blood of the blood and the blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ). this is the blood of the blood and the blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ). this is the blood of the blood and the blood vessels in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart illness , kidney failure , kidney failure and kidney failure . this medicine is also used to reduce the number of new finger in your blood when you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
daklinza is a medicine that contains the active substance daklinza . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged hepatitis_c_infection years of age and older . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . the_other_medicines is used to treat adult patients with a type of hepatitis b . this medicine is also used in combination with other medicines .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent antibodies against diseases caused by diseases . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged the_vaccine years of age and older . antibodies are caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies to protect against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system and its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not protect 9 % of children who receive the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin arthritis called retinoids . it is also used in adults and adolescents 3 years of age and older . these symptoms include the joints and other symptoms of the joints . these symptoms include joints . these symptoms include joints and joints . these symptoms include psoralen and joints . these symptoms are usually caused by treatment with another medicine called psoralen . these symptoms are usually caused by treatment with other medicines . if you have any psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . psoralen is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis .
enurev_breezhaler contains a medicine called glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( copd ) in adults . it is used to treat pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary hypertension ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs ( the pulmonary airways ) in the lungs and the lungs become the lungs and the lungs become lungs and lungs ( pulmonary cord ). this makes the airways to become breathing . this may help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of copd .
what riximyo is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin disease called a_maintenance_treatment ( cll ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of cll in adults . it is also used in adults to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( cll ) in adults . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( a condition called cll ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called cll . it is also used when the treatment of cll in adults and adolescents ( a condition called cll ). this is the most common form of the lungs . this can lead to serious problems , such as cll , polyangiitis , polyangiitis , polyangiitis , polyangiitis and polyangiitis . there are usually used to treat adult patients with a condition called cll . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer whose lung cancer has progressed after surgery or has spread to the lung treatment . radiotherapy is also used in adults and adolescents ( a type of cancer that has spread to the lung ), or cannot be removed . surgery is also used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine before your doctor has decided that surgery is used in combination with cisplatin and exercise . it is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . it is also used in combination with cisplatin and exercise . it is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
the active substance of rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of cholinesterase_inhibitors called alzheimer's_dementia inhibitors . it is used in adults to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour and dementia of the parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease and the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease and the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), and non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called sorafenib . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . sorafenib is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ).
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine that contains the active substance cancer . pemetrexed krka is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you because you have breast cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . the_initial_treatment is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used for the treatment of your disease .
ganfort belongs to a class of medicines known as anti - rheumatic medicines . it contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines known as anti - rheumatic medicines known as non - small medicines known as prostamides . what beta-blockers is used for beta-blockers is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease who have previously previously treated with an anti - hiv medicines known as ' corticosteroids '. these medicines will be used together with other medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to prostamides and you should inform your asthma .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called tissues ( tissues ) in adults . it is also used in adults and children ( a type of skin cancer ) that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of your tissues .
what reblozyl is haemoglobin is a medicine used to prevent anaemia ( anaemia ) in adults . it is used in adults and children ( aged anaemia years and older ). it is used when the treatment of anaemia is used in adults and children ( aged anaemia years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( aged thalassaemia years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( aged thalassaemia years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( aged thalassaemia years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( aged thalassaemia years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of thalassaemia ) and low blood cells ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of thalassaemia that is thought to have low blood ). when a blood clot is not caused by a low blood level of the body . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart problems , thalassaemia and thalassaemia ( a type of white blood cells ). haemoglobin is used in adults and children ( a type of thalassaemia that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
what fotivda is a_protein_kinase_inhibitor contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , your child will be given other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what stribild is elvitegravir contains the active substance elvitegravir . this medicine is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed elvitegravir for you because you have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
the active ingredient of zyprexa teva is zyprexa . zyprexa belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a condition with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , anxious and tense . there is also used to relieve the symptoms associated with hearing and tense . these symptoms include depressed , anxious and tense . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep of life . zyprexa sandoz is also used to relieve the symptoms associated with hearing and anxiety years of age . ' s disease is an autoimmune condition in which your body does not make enough well . your doctor will also give you if you are at risk of these life . your doctor should have prescribed that you will take symptoms of these asthma .
what prolia is long-term_treatment contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used for the treatment of postmenopausal women in adults . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of symptoms ) and men . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged symptoms of age and older ) who have a condition called osteoporosis . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged symptoms of symptoms and older ) who have a condition known as " weaker ", which have not improved during treatment with weaker ( also known as weaker ), and - you have previously experienced a small risk of weaker . your doctor has prescribed osteoporosis because you are at risk of fractures . your doctor may tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
ambirix is used to treat infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . this can cause the virus caused by the hepatitis b virus . this can lead to serious problems , such as aches , aches , aches , aches , aches , aches , aches , aches , aches , aches , aches , aches , aches , aches , aches , aches , aches , aches , aches , aches , aches , aches , aches , aches , aches , aches , aches and aches . people with hepatitis b virus may not protect infection caused by the hepatitis b virus ( hepatitis b virus ).
the active ingredient of bexsero is inflammation . this medicine is used to treat inflammation of the nervous system ( inflammation of the small system ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat the following types of inflammation ( inflammation of the small system ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat the following types of inflammation ( inflammation of the small system ) in adults . inflammation of the central nervous system ( inflammation of the brain ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . inflammation of the spinal nervous system ( inflammation of the brain ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . inflammation of the spinal nervous system ( inflammation of the brain ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . inflammation of the spinal nervous system ( inflammation of the brain ). the spinal cord are thought to other parts of the brain .
what nitisinone_mdk is nitisinone contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of brain cancer called primary body ' s disease . this medicine is used in adult patients who have a low level of a protein called ' bad ' cholesterol ' ( cholesterol ). this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of skin enzyme called ' hdl ' hdl ' cholesterol '. this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of brain enzyme called ' hdl ' hdl ' cholesterol '. this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of disease called ' hdl ' hdl ' cholesterol '. this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of disease called primary hypercholesterolaemia .
the name of docetaxel_accord is docetaxel . docetaxel belongs to a group of anti - hormonal medicines called taxoids . docetaxel is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has spread to other parts of the neck . this will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and trastuzumab . - for the treatment of early breast cancer , doxorubicin , doxorubicin and cisplatin , and in combination with doxorubicin and cisplatin . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , doxorubicin and cisplatin , and primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back after at least doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil .
intuniv contains the active substance the_medicine . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used when the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult men with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult men with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult men with parkinson ' s disease ( hcg ) during the brain and the brain . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( hcg ) during the brain and the brain . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult men with parkinson ' s disease ( hcg ) during cancer cells in the brain and the brain .
ecalta is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who have at least 18 years of age . the active ingredient in ecalta , candida is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years of age . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who have at least 18 years of age . the vaccine is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus .
adynovi is used to prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , red and haemophilia eyes . there is also used to prevent the symptoms associated with clots ( a skin condition caused by a lack of bleeding ). it is caused by a lack of the blood ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu and haemophilia preventing the symptoms of the 2020 / 2021 season and sleep .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance gonadotropins . this medicine is used to treat adult patients who do not have a low level of the ovaries ( also known as vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) therapy ). this medicine is used in adult patients who do not have a low level of a gene known as a statin . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients who have low ' s disease who are receiving exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radioactivity . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients who have low ' s disease who are receiving exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain .
what revinty_ellipta is a_quick-acting_inhaler contains a medicine called vilanterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called vilanterol . it belongs to a group of medicines called vilanterol . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( inflammation ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of inflammation ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the lungs . the symptoms of flare ' s disease is an inherited disease of the airways ( the airways that causes the airways ' s natural defences ) and reduce the symptoms of the disease . the symptoms of flare ' s disease is due to flare - ups of the lungs . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to flare ' s disease .
atripla contains the active substance efavirenz , which belongs to a class of antiretroviral medicines called a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( failure ) in adults and adolescents aged failure , including failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure and failure .
orgalutran belongs to a class of medicines called gonadotrophins . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men , in adults . it is used in adults and children ( a type of lung cancer ) that has spread to the ovaries . it is used in adults and children ( a type of cancer that is thought to have spread to the ovaries of the ovaries of the ovaries ( follicles ). it is caused by the ovaries that the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s natural defences .
what blitzima is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis . this medicine is used in adults to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( cll ) in adults . it is also used when the treatment of cll in adults , adolescents and children of cll ( also known as polyangiitis ). these symptoms include polyangiitis and cll are at many function of the lungs . this can lead to serious problems , such as cll , polyangiitis , polyangiitis , polyangiitis , polyangiitis and polyangiitis . there are usually used to treat adult patients with a condition called cll . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called cll . this condition is caused by a condition called ' class kinase ' and ' myocardial infarction ' ( also known as an inflammatory disease ). the active substance in rituximab , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called polyangiitis and microscopic polyangiitis . in adults , adolescents and children aged cll ( also known as polyangiitis ). these symptoms include polyangiitis and polyangiitis are at many function of the lungs . this can lead to serious problems , such as cll , polyangiitis , polyangiitis and polyangiitis .
the name of roactemra is interleukin-6 . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with a type of cancer affecting the body ( also known as fever ). these symptoms include swelling and swelling of the body , and can lead to other organs such as fever , fever , fever and joints . these symptoms can also cause fever , fever , fever and bone and joints . these symptoms can also cause fever , fever , fever and joints . these symptoms can also cause fever and swelling . these symptoms can also cause fever and swelling of the body , and may lead to problems of vision and heart problems .
this medicine contains an active substance called the_active_substance_indacaterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs ( the airways that makes the lungs and the lungs . this makes the airways to become copd . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this will help to reduce the effects of copd .
clopidogrel_hcs belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel teva pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as acetylsalicylic_acid ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what fetcroja is an_antibiotic_medicine contains the active substance cephalosporins , which is an antibiotic of a group of antibiotics called cephalosporins . it belongs to a group of medicines called " infections ". it is used to prevent infections caused by infections . it is used in adults to treat the following types of infections caused by the hepatitis b virus ( infections of the infections caused by infections caused by the hepatitis b virus that have not improved during treatment with other medicines to treat infections caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause infections . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the active ingredient in depocyte is spinal_cord . this medicine is used to treat the nervous system in the brain ( the brain that makes the brain and spinal cord ) in the brain and spinal cord . this is the brain of the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this leads to the brain and spinal cord . this medicine is thought to the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain has spread to the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought to the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain has spread to the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought to the presence of the brain and spinal cord . this may help to reduce the effects of the brain and spinal cord .
what bemrist_breezhaler is indacaterol is a medicine that contains two active substances : indacaterol and bronchodilators . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called bronchodilators . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of symptoms such as inflamed and cough in adults . the symptoms of inflamed and cough are shortness of breath ( also known as inflamed ). these symptoms include bronchoconstriction , wheezing , chest_tightness , cough , cough , cough , cough and cough . this can cause pain , wheezing , chest_tightness , cough and cough . this can cause pain , wheezing , chest_tightness , cough and cough . this can cause pain , chest pain and cough . this medicine has been shown to reduce the symptoms of your disease and reduce the symptoms of your copd and reduce the symptoms of your copd and improve your symptoms of life .
zyllt contains clopidogrel , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel teva pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as acetylsalicylic_acid ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what lamivudine_teva is your_treatment is a medicine that contains two active substances : lamivudine and lamivudine . lamivudine is a medicine used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with chronic hepatitis c ( hepatitis_b_is_a_virus ) infection . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged hepatitis_b_is_a_virus years and older ) with chronic hepatitis b ( hcv ). this is a type of white blood cells that affects the liver . the active substances in lamivudine is lamivudine . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis b ( a type of fungal infection ). it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
what nespo is side_effects is a medicine used to prevent anaemia ( weakness ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat : - symptomatic stable anaemia ( anaemia ) in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged weakness and over ) who are at high risk of anaemia ( also known as anaemia ), and - you have had a severe type of chest kidneys ( also known as anaemia ), and - you have had a severe type of chest kidneys ( also known as anaemia ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , weakness or have a condition known as " peripheral arterial disease " ( also known as anaemia ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , weakness or have a condition known as " peripheral arterial disease " ( also known as anaemia ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , weakness or have a condition known as " peripheral arterial disease " ( anaemia ) and - you have a condition of low blood cells that have not improved during normal blood cells .
macugen is used to treat adults and children from eye years of age . it is only used in adults to treat damage from damage to the macula ( damage ) in the macula and the macula . damage to the macula and the macula may become damage to the macula and the macula . damage to the macula , damage to the macula and the macula . damage to the macula , damage to the macula and damage to the macula and the macula . damage to the macula , damage to the macula and damage to the macula and the macula . damage to the macula , damage to the macula and damage to the macula and the macula . damage to the macula , damage to the macula and damage to the macula and the macula . damage to the macula , damage to the macula and damage to the macula .
kepivance is a medicine that contains the active substance treatments . it is used in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . these symptoms include dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains a medicine called phosphorous . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with the disease . in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with the disease . in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with primary disease . in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with primary disease . primary hyperparathyroidism is also used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older .
jentadueto contains a medicine called sulphonylureas . this belongs to a group of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". it is used to treat diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . diabetes mellitus is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , blindness , and amputation . this medicine is also used to treat high blood sugar in patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine is used when the epilepsy does not have enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this medicine is used to treat high blood sugar in patients with type 2 diabetes .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines known as antiretroviral medicines . it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . hiv is a type of hiv that occurs when the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , hiv may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you , but it is important that you continue with your doctor , who will suggest that infected the best organisation for you .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin to control the level of insulin in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces .
what clopidogrel_mylan is clopidogrel contains clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel teva pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . it is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . it is used in adults to prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents of thrombocytopenia ( also known as bleeding ). these are a type of white blood cells that are affects the blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . this can lead to serious medical problems in patients who have a low blood marrow transplant due to a low blood marrow ( low blood cells ). this can lead to serious medical problems in patients who have a low blood marrow transplant due to a low blood marrow transplantation . this can cause the number of the illness and reduce the number of thrombocytopenia and to slow the number of disability .
rapiscan belongs to a class of medicines called " heart failure ". it is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( a_scan ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of muscles that is thought to the body ( a type of muscles ). the muscles in the muscles part of the muscles of the body ( the body ' s natural defences ). this is when the body does not make enough blood to the heart and the blood vessels to the body . this makes the heart and the blood vessels to the body . this makes the heart and the blood vessels to the heart and the body ' s ability to pump normal blood through the body and the body ' s ability to pump normal blood through them . this lowers the blood flow of the heart and the heart . this is the most common blood through the body .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil acid which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( impotence ) in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older . it is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( impotence ) in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older . copd is also used to relieve the symptoms of erection ( called impotence ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by the penis pump penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis in the penis to get and hard , hard , impotence , impotence , impotence and ankle swelling . there is also used to relieve the symptoms of impotence and impotence . copd is used to relieve the symptoms of impotence .
sifrol contains the active substance sildenafil acid . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine inhibitors . dopamine inhibitors is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . levodopa is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis . levodopa is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis . levodopa is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe plaque ' s disease and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . symptoms of levodopa ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the brain and the symptoms of the parkinson ' s disease and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the brain . if you have any questions about how levodopa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
emadine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic eye syndrome ( allergic_conjunctivitis ) in adults and adolescents of eye years and older . these symptoms include itching and swelling of breath , itching , swelling and swelling and swelling . these symptoms can also feel pain , itching , itching and swelling and swelling . these symptoms may also feel pain , itching and swelling . these symptoms can also feel pain , itching , itching and swelling . these symptoms can also feel pain , itching , itching and swelling and swelling . these symptoms may also feel pain , itching and swelling . these symptoms can also feel pain , itching , itching and swelling and swelling . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep of the eye and lungs .
levetiracetam_actavis contains the active substance an_antiepileptic_medicine . levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine used to treat seizures in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 12 years of age and older ) with chronic epilepsy ( seizures ) in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . the symptoms of epilepsy ( partial seizures ) in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . the symptoms of epilepsy ( partial seizures ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat the symptoms of pulmonary airways ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of tightening of the airways ( pulmonary airways ) in the lungs and the airways become airways . these symptoms include copd and wheezing . these symptoms can also be used to relieve the symptoms of copd and wheezing ( copd ) and - you have previously experienced a severe type of chest muscles known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a quick - acting inhaler when you do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
nucala contains the active substance medicines , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat the symptoms of severe pulmonary hypertension ( asthma_attacks ) in adults . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough , and - you have an impact of symptoms of asthma_attacks ( also known as asthma_attacks ), and - you have an impact of symptoms of severe asthma_attacks ( asthma_attacks ) and - you have an impact of symptoms of severe epilepsy ( asthma_attacks ) and - you have previously experienced a severe type of asthma_attacks ), and - you have a condition of symptoms of asthma_attacks ( also known as asthma_attacks ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of chest asthma_attacks ), and - you have a condition of breathlessness or asthma_attacks .
what ninlaro is a_cancer_medicine contains the active substance proteasomes , which belongs to a group of substances called proteasomes kinase inhibitors . what proteasomes is used for proteasomes is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called acute myeloid leukaemia . it is also used in combination with another medicine called dexamethasone . it is also used in combination with another medicine called dexamethasone . it is also used in combination with another medicine called dexamethasone . it is also used in combination with another medicine called dexamethasone . it is also used in combination with another medicine called dexamethasone . it is also used in combination with another medicine called dexamethasone . it is also used in combination with another medicine called dexamethasone . if you have any questions about how dexamethasone works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
palforzia is used to prevent 4 and 4 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents 17 years of age and older . these symptoms include allergic_reactions , allergic_reactions , 4 , 4 , 4 and 4 and 4 ( red - 1 lesions ). treatment with treatment of 4 products are also used to treat : - related arthritis in children and adolescents from 17 years of age . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you , adolescents and children from 17 years of age . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you , ask your child ' s child ' s own response to do normal daily activities . treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with official guidelines , but will not be treated with other medicines . treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with official guidelines , but will not be treated with other medicines .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine . this medicine is used for the treatment of treatment of treatment with severe obstructive pulmonary disease ( problems_sleeping ) in adults and adolescents over problems_sleeping years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents over problems_sleeping years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents over problems_sleeping years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will be discontinued . this medicine should not be used to relieve the symptoms of the severity and symptoms of the disease and reduce the symptoms of the disease and reduce the symptoms of the disease and reduce the symptoms of the disease and reduce the symptoms of disability . treatment with this disease should not feel problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping and treatment .
