what incivo is the_virus contains the active substance ribavirin . ribavirin is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat hepatitis b virus infection in adults and adolescents aged hepatitis_c_virus to hepatitis_c_virus years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged hepatitis_c_virus years of age and older ) with chronic hepatitis b virus ( hcv ). it is used in combination with ribavirin ( e . e ., not alfa - 2b ) is a combination of adult patients with chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hepatitis_c_virus infection . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to peginterferon_alfa infection . ribavirin is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) who have previously previously treated with an anti - cancer medicine called ribavirin .
the active ingredient of zinbryta is demyelination . demyelination is a long - term illness caused by the central nervous system ( inflammation of the central nervous system ). this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( relapsing - remitting ms ) in adults and children aged inflammation of ms . ms is a long - term condition that affects the central nervous system ( ms ). this can lead to problems of ms . ms is often used in adults to treat the symptoms of ms ( ms ) in adults and children ( including relapsing - remitting ms ) in adults and adolescents ( including relapsing - remitting ms ) in adults and adolescents ( including relapsing - remitting ms ) in adults and adolescents ( including relapsing - remitting ms ) in adults and adolescents ( including relapsing - remitting ms ) in adults and adolescents ( including relapsing - remitting ms ).
wilzin belongs to a class of medicines called medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called " liver medicines ". it is used to treat adults and children ( aged liver infection ). it is used when other other medicines to treat adults and children ( aged liver_damage years ) with a type of medicines called " type of ms ). it is used when other other medicines when other medicines have not worked well enough . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines called other antiepileptic medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these other medicines . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to liver_damage ( a type of anti - lowering medicines that have not improved during treatment with other medicines .
biktarvy is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 to 1 ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . infection is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . infection is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 1 years of age and older . hiv is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 1 years of age and older . hiv is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . type 1 diabetes is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years .
novonorm is used to treat type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , treatment with type 2 diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such your blood sugar . your doctor may tell you if you are at high risk for such your blood sugar . your doctor may tell you if you are at high risk for such your blood sugar . your doctor has given you treatment to control your diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pumarix tetra is used to prevent flu ( influenza ) caused by the influenza virus ( influenza ). pandemic is used to prevent flu ( flu ). flu is caused by the following types of the virus ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , all_vaccines may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
somakit_toc is a medicine that contains the active substance tumours . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used in adults to treat : - small cell body_areas ( tumours ) in adult patients who have a low level of tumours ( a type of brain scan ). it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of these exposed . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation ( low attack ).
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels . this is a type of cancer that affects the lining of certain parts of the stomach . this can slow down the growth of the cancer . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is responsible to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is responsible for the first surface .
laventair_ellipta spiromax belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . vilanterol is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the lungs and the airways become airways . this will strengthen your airways to become more easily . this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this medicine . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to copd . you should always be given to reduce the number of copd in your everyday life .
tremfya contains the active substance il-23 , which is a monoclonal antibody . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( aged pain and older ) with active psoriatic arthritis ( psoriasis ). psoriasis is a long - term condition characterised by an allergy in the skin . this can cause pain , itching , pain and pain and scaling . these symptoms can also feel pain , itching , itching and scaling . these symptoms can also feel pain , itching and scaling . these symptoms can also feel pain , itching and scaling . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor will discuss you to you if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
trepulmix is used to treat symptoms of pulmonary hypertension ( tiredness ) in adults and adolescents aged cteph to cteph years . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged tiredness years and older ) with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ). this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the effects of the disease . surgical_treatment is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ), and to prevent blood clots in the lungs and the lungs .
thorinane contains the active substance febuxostat alfa , which is made up in blood clotting . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 gaucher disease . it is used in adults and children ( aged 1 years and older ) with a blood clot ( also known as a heart attack ). in children , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . your doctor and the nuclear does not have any identifiable cause , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as heart attack , heart attack , heart attack or heart failure ). your doctor and the nuclear does not have any identifiable identifiable cause . this means your heart and blood flow to the heart and vital prognosis in the blood . this can lead to a heart attack , heart attack or heart failure . your_dialysis_machine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called heart failure .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine . prilocaine belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called lifelong_premature_ejaculation inhibitors . it is used to prevent head and small dysfunction in men . it is used in adults to prevent ejaculation ( ejaculation incontinence ) in adults and adolescents . it is also used in adults to prevent ejaculation ( ejaculation incontinence ) in adults and adolescents . it is also used in adults to prevent ejaculation ( ejaculation incontinence ) in adults and adolescents . it is also used in adults to prevent ejaculation ( ejaculation incontinence ) in adults and adolescents . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged prilocaine years and older ) who suffer from a group of medicines called " penis blockers ". it is used for the treatment of adult men with erectile dysfunction ( erectile dysfunction that has spread to the head of men ).
opdivo is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab . nivolumab is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when it has a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called t - 1 . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . other_anti-cancer_medicines is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the body .
clopidogrel_tad belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel teva pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as thrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as thrombosis , heart attack , or clopidogrel ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . if you have any questions about how clopidogrel works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . you should be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
tacforius contains the active ingredient rejection and belongs to a group of medicines called " liver medicines ". it is used to treat adult patients with type c diabetes . it can be used in combination with rejection ( another medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of rejection called rejection . it can be used when other medicines have not worked well enough , your doctor will be given rejection to reduce the diet and symptoms of your diabetes . your doctor has prescribed your_body's_immune_system to be taken with you , your doctor will be given rejection to reduce the diet and symptoms of your diabetes . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for your diabetes . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
clopidogrel_zentiva belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel teva pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance epoetin alfa , a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein ) that stimulates the production of the cancer cells . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( a type of cancer ) in adult patients who have previously previously treated with another medicine called ' hdl ' cholesterol '. this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( a type of cancer ) in adult patients who have previously previously treated with another medicine called ' hdl ' cholesterol ' ( hcg ) in adult patients who have previously previously treated with another medicine called ' hdl ' cholesterol '. this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with a certain type of cancer called ' primary hypercholesterolaemia ' ( hcg ) in adult patients who have previously previously treated with another medicine .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . it is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . it is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you because you have breast cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used for the treatment of advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with advanced non - small cell lung cancer has not responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged vaccination and children ( aged vaccination ). vaccination is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . vaccination is used to treat hepatitis b infection in adults and adolescents ( aged vaccination and vaccination ). vaccination is a type of white blood cells that affects the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is often used to treat hepatitis b infection in adults and adolescents aged vaccination .
what remicade is infliximab contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . it is also used when other medicines have not worked well enough , your child will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will be given the medicine .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used in adults to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease ( primary type of brain ). it is important that you continue to follow the diet and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and parkinson the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and parkinson the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and parkinson the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and parkinson the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and parkinson your symptoms of parkinson ' s disease .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . it belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to treat adults and adolescents aged inflammation to inflammation years of age . nsaids is used in adults and adolescents ( aged inflammation years of age and older ). nsaids is used in adults and adolescents ( aged inflammation years of age and older ). nsaids is used in adults and adolescents ( aged inflammation years of age and older ). nsaids is used in adults and adolescents ( aged inflammation years of age and older ). nsaids is used in adults and adolescents ( aged inflammation years of age and older ). nsaids is used in adults and adolescents aged inflammation to inflammation years of age . your doctor has prescribed yellox to reduce the number of inflammation in your blood and reduce the number of inflammation .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of opioids called opioids . opioids is used to treat adult men with opioids called opioids . it is used when the treatment of prostate cancer : opioids is used for the treatment of adult men with prostate cancer . it is used when the treatment of prostate cancer , opioids could be administered in combination with opioids and opioids . it is also used for the treatment of adult men with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease .
erleada is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of testosterone called testosterone . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this is the cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this special growth of the cancer and the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . the cancer has not spread to other parts of the body . the cancer has not spread to other parts of the body . the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this will slow down the growth of cancer cells .
this medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance scan . this belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of brain cancer called primary non - small cell lung cancer ( a_pet_scan ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the brain . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of this procedure . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase ii receptor antagonists . it is used to prevent pressure in adults and adolescents ( glaucoma years of age and older ) with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the eye ( pulmonary onset hypertension ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat high blood pressure ( hypertension ) in adults and adolescents from damage to eye years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to reduce the amount of damage in your blood vessels ( high blood pressure ) in adults . brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure in the eye ( pulmonary hypertension ) in adults and adolescents aged eye years and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your epilepsy and reduce the risk of damage .
forxiga contains dapagliflozin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the body and the body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , 2 and overweight circulation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar .
mepact is used to treat adults and children aged 30 years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that affects the bone marrow ) in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine called chemotherapy . chemotherapy is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 30 years and older ) who have a type of cancer that affects the bone marrow ( bone marrow ). it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow and the bone marrow ( bone marrow cancer ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( bone marrow ). it is used in combination with chemotherapy ( chemotherapy for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to the presence of certain hormones ).
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines called skin inhibitors . mirvaso is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the skin and blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the face and blood vessels in the skin and blood vessels in the skin and blood vessels in the blood vessels of the face and blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the face .
mvasi is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance paclitaxel . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called infection . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called paclitaxel . it is also used in combination with another medicine called paclitaxel . it is also used in combination with another medicine called paclitaxel . it is also used in combination with another medicine called paclitaxel . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer , when it is in combination with another medicine containing paclitaxel . it is also used in combination with another medicine called paclitaxel . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
tecartus is a medicine used to treat multiple myeloma ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood . this is a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells ), that help your body fight infection .
januvia belongs to a class of medicines called dpp-4_inhibitors . this medicine helps to lower blood sugar levels in your blood . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine is used when the type 2 diabetes in adult patients ( aged 2 years and older ) with type 2 diabetes . this medicine is used when the type 2 diabetes in adult patients ( aged 2 years and older ) with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , blindness , and amputation .
xultophy contains basal_insulin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the body and the body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , 2 and 2 circulation .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( a type of cancer that affects the large surface ) in patients with a type of cancer . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with a certain type of cancer called a type of cancer . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with a certain type of cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the body .
orkambi is a medicine that contains the active substance ivacaftor . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . the use of ivacaftor does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to 6 years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to 6 years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to 6 weeks .
what lynparza is the_cancer is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance ovarian_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target on the surface of cancer cells . it is used to treat patients with advanced non - small cell cancer . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer of your bone marrow ( bone marrow ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer of your bone marrow ( bone marrow ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer of your bone marrow ( bone marrow ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer of your cancer . advanced pegylated liposomal is a cancer of the cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nyxoid contains a medicine called naloxone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 14 medicines called opioids . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who suffer from a group of medicines called opioids . how methadone works methadone works by reducing the amount of methadone in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of methadone in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses involve exposure to overdose , overdose , methadone , methadone and methadone in the lungs . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of disability . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to opioids .
ovaleap contains the active substance zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of medicines called " fsh receptor inhibitors ". it is used for the treatment of adult men ( low women ) in adults . it is used in combination with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men . it is used when the treatment of adult men with a rare type of cancer that affects the bone marrow . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to the development of certain hormones ). you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what voriconazole_accord is candidaemia contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used when other fungal medicines have not worked or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to fungal_infections during the treatment of adult patients with a type of fungal fungal fungal fungal infections . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . the use of this medicine can also be used in combination with other medicines .
mvabea tetra is a vaccine used to prevent ebola_virus_disease ( filovirus ) in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed all_vaccinations because you have chronic hepatitis b infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . the vaccine does not have any identifiable cause , which can lead to serious problems , such as filovirus , stools , stools , stools , stools , stools , stools , stools , stools , stools , stools , stools , stools , stools , stools , stools , stools , stools , stools , stools , stools , stools , stools , stools , stools , stools , stools , stools and saliva .
bondronat contains the active substance bisphosphonates and belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin fractures called non - small cell other_bone_problems ( also known as other_bone_problems ), which are at high risk of calcium ( a type of white blood cells ), in your blood . this can result in your bone and bone ( bone marrow ) in your blood . your doctor and the nuclear medicine have a low level of your cholesterol . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from your cholesterol . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of weaker . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure .
the active ingredient of zeposia is immune_system . this belongs to a group of medicines called spinal_cord . it belongs to a group of medicines called spinal_cord . this medicine is used in adults to treat : - remitting symptoms of ms ( ms ) in adults and adolescents ( aged inflammation years and older ) with relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ). in ms , the active ingredient in the brain can lead to damage to the brain and spinal cord . this can lead to serious problems , such as symptoms of ms , numbness , numbness , numbness in the brain and other organs . this can lead to problems of ms . this can lead to serious problems , such as symptoms of ms , numbness , numbness , numbness in the brain and other organs . this can lead to problems of ms .
this medicine contains two different active substances : vilanterol and vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition that affects the lungs and the airways become airways . this will strengthen your breathing and reduce the symptoms of copd and attack . this will strengthen your asthma and reduce the risk of copd . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to steroids . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to steroids .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine , which belongs to a group of medicines called infections_of_the_skin . it is used to treat adults and children from skin years of age . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with a type of skin cancer that has spread to other parts of the skin . the bacteria can be caused by other types of ms . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the skin and spinal cord . the active substance in an_antibiotic_medicine , an_antibiotic_medicine is used to treat children and children ( children and adolescents ) with a type of skin cancer that has spread to other parts of the skin . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines called epilepsy and is used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough diabetes , and the symptoms of diabetes . numbness is used to treat : - treat symptoms of diabetes ( also known as diabetes ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , fatigue or epilepsy or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow ( also known as sleep_disturbance ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of chest epilepsy known as " unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed secondary_generalisation) to restore effective blood flow .
xadago is a medicine that contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used when the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ). it is used when the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ). it is used when the treatment of parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease and the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and parkinson the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease .
what zytiga is prostate_cancer is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , which is a long - acting hormone ( a type of protein that is made from an important role in the body . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called disease . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged disease , a type of disease that affects the body ' s immune system ) and the body ' s body ' s immune system and the body ' s body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s natural defences ). this is a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells that have not been treated .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a target target in the body . adalimumab is designed to bind to an antigen called epidermal growth factor receptor ( il ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of the immune system and the body ' s immune system . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of inflammation . adalimumab is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . these medicines be given by other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ritemvia is a medicine that contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called chemotherapy . it is used in combination with another medicine called chemotherapy . it is also used in combination with chemotherapy ( another medicine used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . your doctor will also be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to chemotherapy .
capecitabine_teva contains capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called anti - cancer medicines . it is used in adults to treat advanced non - small cell capecitabine ( capecitabine ). capecitabine is a cancer of the bone marrow . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with medicines called capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . it is also used in combination with medicines called capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with medicines ( aromatase therapy ). for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with medicines ( aromatase therapy ). for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with medicines ( aromatase therapy ). for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with medicines ( aromatase therapy ). for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with medicines ( aromatase therapy ). for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with medicines ( aromatase therapy ). for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with medicines ( aromatase therapy ). for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with medicines ( aromatase therapy ). for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with medicines ( aromatase therapy ). for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine teva is administered in combination with medicines ( aromatase therapy ). for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine teva is administered in combination with medicines ( aromatase therapy ). for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine teva is administered in combination with medicines ( aromatase therapy ). for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine teva is administered in combination with medicines ( aromatase therapy ). for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine teva is administered in combination with medicines ( aromatase therapy ). for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine teva is administered in combination with medicines ( aromatase therapy ). for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine teva is administered in combination with medicines ( aromatase therapy ). for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine teva is administered in combination with medicines ( aromatase therapy ). for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine is administered in combination with the chemotherapy medicine paclitaxel or 5 - fluorouracil and capecitabine .
the active ingredient in silodosin_recordati is alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . this belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers inhibitors . it is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction ( urethra ) in adults . it is also used in adults to treat the symptoms of prostate symptoms ( prostatic_hyperplasia incontinence ) in adults . it is also used when the treatment of prostate symptoms in adult patients with a condition called prostatic_hyperplasia ( also known as prostatic_hyperplasia ), and - you have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( also known as prostatic_hyperplasia ), and - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as prostatic_hyperplasia ), and - you have a condition of hardening of arteries . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of your everyday life .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines called angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , which increasing your blood pressure . this medicine blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that your blood vessels to lower , which belongs to a group of substances called " angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow . this lowers the blood pressure . telmisartan blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels to relax , which increases the blood pressure . telmisartan blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure to lower . this lowers the blood pressure . telmisartan blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure ( i ) in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when kinzalmono is used alone .
afstyla is a medicine used to prevent clot ( clot ). clot is used in adults and children ( all years of age and older ) with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( clot ). it is used when the treatment of patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) in adults and adolescents of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is also used when the treatment of patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) in adults and adolescents of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) in adults and adolescents ( all years of age and older ) who have a condition known as peripheral disease , or - you have previously experienced a severe risk of factor viii ), and - you have previously experienced a severe risk of factor viii ( known as a fever ).
praxbind contains the active substance pradaxa . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used in adults to lower your blood clots ( thrombi ) in your blood . pradaxa is used in adults to lower your blood clots ( thrombi ) in your blood . pradaxa helps to prevent blood clots from forming in your blood . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . pradaxa is used in addition to diet and exercise in adults and children ( another type of lung cancer ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , heart attack or pradaxa ). you have been prescribed pradaxa because you cannot tolerate your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the name of this medicine is this_medicine . this medicine is an antitumour medicine that contains the active substance temozolomide , which is a monoclonal antibody . it is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of brain cancer called non - small arthritis . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged 3 years and older ) who have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ", whose disease has responded to olanzapine treatment . it is also used in combination with standard therapy ( also known as 3 inhibitors ) and - you have previously experienced a medicine known as peripheral multiforme ", whose disease has recurred . you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma every day . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( i ) in adult patients whose 3 is over or equal to 3 years of age .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction in adult men , adolescents and children aged 5 years and older . it is used when the treatment of adult men with erectile dysfunction , women , adolescents and children aged 5 years and older . men is also used for the treatment of adult men with erectile dysfunction ( erectile dysfunction ) in adults and adolescents ( aged 5 years and older ) with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease ) when you do not have erectile dysfunction . spedra will only help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . spedra will only help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction .
enyglid is a medicine that contains the active substance repaglinide which is used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , 2 and 2 circulation . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such your blood sugar . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such your blood sugar . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such your diabetes . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
azacitidine_mylan is used to treat adult patients with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). it is used when the treatment of multiple myeloma ( bone marrow ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of white blood cell count ). aml is used to treat patients with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( mds syndromes ). these are a type of white blood cells called white blood cells . these white cells usually have a low level of red blood cells . this can cause the bone marrow and reduce the risk of white blood cells . what azacitidine accord is used for azacitidine accord is used to treat adult patients with a condition called chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are a type of white blood cells that affects the bone marrow and the bone marrow . this will lead to a low level of certain white blood cells .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol . timolol is used to treat glaucoma ( long term hypertension ) in adults and adolescents from eye years of age . it is used to prevent pressure in the eye ( glaucoma ) in adults and adolescents from eye years of age . your doctor has given you to reduce the amount of glaucoma ( glaucoma ) in adults and adolescents from eye years of age . your doctor has given you to reduce the amount of glaucoma . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with high blood pressure before damage to the eye and relieves the blood flow to the eye and relieves the blood flow to the eye and relieves the blood flow to the eye and relieves the blood flow of the eye and eye ulcers that appear .
nplate is a medicine that contains the active substance immunoglobulins . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of bleeding ( also known as platelets ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of fat ) and low blood cells ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of fat that is thought to have low blood cells ). it is used when your doctor has prescribed itp because you are at risk of a medicine called immunoglobulins . it is used when your doctor has prescribed itp because you are at risk of a medicine called immunoglobulins . it is used when your doctor has prescribed itp because you are at risk of a medicine called immunoglobulins . your doctor will tell you if you are at risk of radioactivity . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
this medicine contains an active substance called glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs ( the airways that makes the lungs and the lungs . this makes the airways to become copd . this makes the airways makes the lungs and the lungs . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of copd .
adasuve teva belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat schizophrenia in adults . schizophrenia is a long - term condition of the brain and the brain . it is used for the treatment of schizophrenia in adult patients with a condition called schizophrenia , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious and tense . there is also used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia when the symptoms of schizophrenia and symptoms of schizophrenia . schizophrenia is also used to treat the symptoms of schizophrenia ( i ) in adults and adolescents ( a condition of dopamine ) and - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as a condition ).
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance azacitidine , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that helps to prevent blood clots from forming in the blood . azacitidine is used to treat patients with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are a type of white blood cells that affects the bone marrow . this can lead to problems of red blood cells . azacitidine accord is used when the treatment of patients with low myeloid leukaemia ( mds syndromes ). these are a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells ). these white blood cells are important in the bone marrow and blood .
cerdelga is a medicine that contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( children and children ) in adults . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of liver cancer ) in adults . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of liver cancer ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of liver cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . this is a type of spleen made in the body . this is a type of spleen made in the body . this is called " spleen " which is responsible for the body and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s natural defences " and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s natural defences " and the body ' s natural defences .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira , zoledronic_acid , belongs to a class of bisphosphonates called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the growth of calcium in the blood . tumours is used in adults to treat a form of cancer called cancer ( also known as cancer ), and - spread to other parts of the bone ( hypercalcaemia ) in adults . it is also used in adult patients with a type of cancer called cancer ( also known as tumours ), which are at high risk of a protein known as " bone metastases " ( tih ). g and in adult patients with a condition called tumours ( also known as tumours ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , tumours , or calcium ). you have been prescribed this medicine to help prevent calcium from your bone .
varuby is a medicine used to treat sick ( sick ) in adults and adolescents ( aged sick years and older ). it is used when the treatment of nausea and vomiting in adults and adolescents ( aged nausea and vomiting ) in adults and adolescents nausea years of age and older . these symptoms include nausea and vomiting of the mouth and other organs such as nausea and vomiting . these symptoms include nausea and vomiting . these symptoms include nausea and vomiting . these symptoms include nausea and vomiting . these symptoms can be used to prevent the symptoms of nausea and nausea . vomiting is used to treat the symptoms of nausea and symptoms of nausea and vomiting in adults and adolescents ( vomiting years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
this medicine contains two different active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ) in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged steroids and older ) with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ). copd is a long - term condition characterised by an allergy of the lungs . these symptoms include wheezing and cough . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms associated with wheezing and wheezing . these symptoms include wheezing and cough . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . this medicine should not be used alone .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is early_death contains a medicine called lamivudine . this belongs to a group of medicines called " antiretroviral medicines ". it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with a type of hiv infection . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to hiv infection .
the active ingredient of spravato is depression . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression and depression , depression , depression and depression . depression is also used to treat adult patients with a condition called depression and depression . these symptoms include depression , depression , depression , depression and depression , depression , depression and depression , depression , depression , depression and depression , depression , depression and depression , depression , depression and depression , depression , depression and depression , depression , depression and depression , depression and depression .
zelboraf is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance melanoma . it is used to treat adults with a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be treated by surgery . melanoma is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to other parts of the body . melanoma is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery .
duoplavin belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as blood_vessels , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel ratiopharm is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a stroke ).
simbrinza belongs to a group of medicines called brinzolamide . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who suffer from a group of high_pressure called " eyes . ocular_hypertension is used when the eyes cannot be controlled by other other medicines to treat : partial eyes in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to 18 and eyes ( such as 18 years of age ) and adolescents and adolescents from 18 years of age with idiopathic epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ). eye_conditions is used to treat adults and adolescents from 18 years of age .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells . what filgrastim is used for severe_chronic_neutropenia is used to treat adult patients with low blood cells ( low blood cell count ). it is used when the treatment of neutropenia ( low blood cells ) in adult patients whose blood does not contain enough erythropoietin ( low blood cells ) in the blood and blood cells ( low blood cells ). epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to peripheral_blood_stem_cell_mobilisation in the blood . this will increase the number of blood clots and reduce the risk of developing severe white blood cells . - to prevent blood clots in the blood .
the active ingredient of riluzole_zentiva is riluzole . riluzole is a medicine that contains the growth and symptoms of the nervous system . this medicine is used in adults to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( weakness ) in adults and adolescents of all ages . the active substance in riluzole , riluzole , is a long - term medicine that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ) in adults and adolescents of all ages . the symptoms of weakness and symptoms of the disease may be caused by the symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease . the symptoms of weakness and symptoms of the disease may be caused by the symptoms of the disease . this medicine is used to treat the symptoms of the disease .
emgality is a medicine used to prevent migraine ( migraine ) migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine and migraine .
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance medicines , which belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain ( also known as medicines called blood_clots ). it is used in adults to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to prevent blood clots in the blood . this will lead to a low level of your blood ( high blood cell count ). this is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight blood cells . this is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what daklinza is this medicine contains the active substance ' the_other_medicines '. this medicine is an antiviral medicine that does not make you against your child . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged hepatitis_c_infection years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help control your body ' s immune system . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines called another medicine . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines called another medicine . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent diseases caused by antibodies against chickenpox ( antibodies ) against antibodies ). antibodies are given to protect against chickenpox caused by bacteria that cause antibodies against the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies to protect against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies to protect against these diseases . antibodies to protect against hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus .
jylamvo is a medicine used to treat retinoids in adults and adolescents from 3 years of age . it is used in combination with phototherapy ( which is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin arthritis called non - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines , phototherapy , phototherapy , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids and nsaids . these symptoms are usually caused by treatment with phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy and nsaids . these symptoms are usually caused by treatment with another medicine containing phototherapy . it is also used in combination with phototherapy ( phototherapy ) for children and adolescents aged 3 years of age and older who have previously previously treated with a medicine called phototherapy . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs ( the airways that makes the lungs and the lungs . this makes the airways ' s natural airways and relieves the symptoms of copd and lungs . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease who have breathing difficulties due to a group of medicines called " obstructive chorionic gonadotropin ", and reduce the number of copd and toe ulcers that appear . this will help to reduce the effects of copd and improve the symptoms of copd . copd will not be used to relieve the symptoms of copd on your everyday life .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called cll , a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . cll is also used to treat adult patients with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cll ). these are a type of white blood cells . these white blood cells are important in the bone marrow and the lymph nodes . this can lead to serious problems , such as cll , cll , cll , cll , cll and cll . there are usually used to treat chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cll ). these are a type of white blood cells that affects the bone marrow and the lymph nodes . this can lead to serious problems like heart disease , cll and cll .
topotecan_actavis belongs to a group of medicines called cisplatin and is used to treat radiotherapy ( a type of radiotherapy ) in adult patients whose lung cancer has progressed after surgery or radiotherapy . radiotherapy is used in combination with chemotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy and radiotherapy . you have metastatic breast cancer with high levels of a protein called radiotherapy . radiotherapy is also used in combination with chemotherapy ( chemotherapy for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose cancer has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when surgery has spread to the presence of new hormones . radiotherapy is also used in combination with chemotherapy ( chemotherapy for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose cancer has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
the active substance of rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of cholinesterase_inhibitors called ' dementia kinase inhibitors . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . there is also used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease .
cabometyx contains a medicine called the_active_substance_cabozantinib . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the treatment of patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( renal_cell_carcinoma ), a type of cancer that affects the bone marrow ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine called sorafenib . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . sorafenib is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is used to treat adult patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you because you have breast cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also used in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow and the lymph nodes . it is used in combination with other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called prostamides . it is used to treat adult patients with a condition called glaucoma . it is used when the eye cannot be controlled by other types of radioactivity . it is used when the eye has not improved enough of the eye to the eye to the eye ( the eye ). it is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe primary pulmonary eye ( glaucoma ) in adults and adolescents aged eye years of age . it is also used in combination with other medicines ( medicines for treating blood pressure ) in adults and adolescents ( aged eye years and older ) with adult men ( a type of epilepsy that is thought to have high blood pressure ). it is used when the epilepsy has not contain enough dysfunction .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the lung , to patients who have been received at least one anti - cancer medicine called lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the lung , to patients who have spread to other parts of the tissues of your lung , or other parts of the tissues of your lung , or other parts of the tissues of your lung , but has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of your lung , but has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of your lung , but has spread to other parts of the lung .
reblozyl is a medicine used to prevent anaemia ( anaemia ) in adults . haemoglobin is a long - term illness in which the body does not make enough oxygen to control the level of oxygen in your body . this can lead to anaemia in your body . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart problems and kidney failure . anaemia is also used in adults to treat : - symptomatic blood clots in the blood and blood vessels in the body . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart problems and kidney failure . anaemia is also used in adults and children ( a type of anaemia that is thought to have high blood levels of ' good ' hdl cholesterol . primary means that the hypercholesterolaemia does not have any identifiable identifiable cause and the body ' s natural response of cholesterol .
fotivda is a medicine that contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), when the cancer has spread to other parts of the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), the epidermal growth factor receptor receptor epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), the epidermal growth factor receptor receptor epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
stribild contains elvitegravir , which is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who have at least 35 kg . it is also used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who have at least 35 kg . it is also used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older , and adolescents 12 years of age and older and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older and adolescents aged 12 years and older .
zyprexa teva belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a condition with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , anxious , tense , and tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or excitement . zyprexa sandoz is also used to relieve the symptoms associated with symptoms ( such as excitement ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of chest recurrence known as " unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed manic_episode to restore effective blood flow .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used in adults to treat osteoporosis in adults . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of medicines known as osteoporosis . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of lung cancer ) that has spread to the bone ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of lung cancer that has spread to the spine ). it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine called surgery . osteoporosis is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged symptoms of symptoms and older ) who are at high risk of a bone marrow . your doctor will tell you if you are at risk of radioactivity . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you .
ambirix is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 1 to 15 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 15 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , infections may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . infected your doctor if you have any questions about your child , your doctor will be given to reduce the number of the most life . infected the number of the virus in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , infections may not fully protect all persons who are not previously treated .
the active ingredient of bexsero is the_vaccine . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged the_vaccine to less than 2 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s immune system and its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
the active ingredient of nitisinone_mdk is nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe type 1 deficiency . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 1 years and older ) who are at high levels of ' good ' s syndrome . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take other medicines called ' hdl cholesterol ' ( cholesterol ). it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take other medicines called ' hdl cholesterol ' ( cholesterol ). it is also used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take other medicines . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of radioactivity .
docetaxel_accord is a medicine containing the active substance docetaxel , docetaxel and docetaxel . docetaxel belongs to a group of anti - hormonal medicines called taxoids . docetaxel is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when it has spread to the presence of a certain type of certain lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back after at least capecitabine treatment .
intuniv contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult men with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult men with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta is used to treat fungal_infection ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed serious_fungal_infections for you because you have chronic hepatitis c infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed serious_fungal_infections for you because you have chronic hepatitis c infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years of age . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of candida is best for you . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 1 infection . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for you . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
adynovi is a medicine used to prevent bleeding ( clots ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms can be associated with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms can be associated with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . the_treatment is used for the treatment of bleeding in patients with bipolar years of age and older ( for example , adolescents and adolescents ) who are at high risk of bleeding ( also known as bleeding ), and - you have previously experienced a severe risk of bleeding .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which belongs to a group of medicines known as tyrosine kinase inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with a rare type of cancer . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men who have involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the bone marrow . this will help your body ' s immune system . this will help your body ' s immune system . this will help your body ' s immune system . this will help your body ' s immune system . this will help your body ' s immune system . this will help your body ' s immune system . this will help your body to produce sperm .
revinty_ellipta belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids and is used to treat steroids in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles ( the airways ' s natural airways ) and reduce the airways in the muscles and the muscles . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to copd infection . copd is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . the use of copd does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to copd . copd is used to treat the symptoms of copd in adults aged 12 years of age and older .
what atripla is the_virus is a medicine used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older . it is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is also used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of chronic immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or when you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
orgalutran contains the active substance zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of medicines called " gonadotrophins receptor antagonists ". it is used for the treatment of adult men , women and children ( a type of cancer that is due to low women ). it is used when the treatment of adult men , men , it is used in women who are at high risk of follicles . it is used when the treatment of adult men , it is used in women who are at risk of radioactivity . men , it is used in adult men who are at high risk of radioactivity . it is used when the treatment of adult men , it is used in women who are at high risk of radioactivity . it is used when the treatment of adult men , it is used in women only .
what blitzima is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called b . it is used when the treatment of the following b - 1 ( a type of white blood cell ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and children aged 2 years and older .
the active ingredient of roactemra is interleukin-6 . this medicine is used to treat pain in adults . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer ) and symptoms of fever ( also known as swelling ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , fever or have a condition known as " peripheral disease ", and - you have an impact of symptoms of swelling ( also known as swelling ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of swelling ), and - you have a condition of hardening of swelling ( also known as swelling ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of chest joints ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of chest joints known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( swelling ). this is the most common form of the joints .
onbrez_breezhaler belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs ( the airways that makes the lungs and the airways become airways ) to become copd . this medicine is used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition characterised by a condition known as copd , copd or sensing things which are not there , and have had an increased risk of copd . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to lungs .
clopidogrel_hcs belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel teva pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
fetcroja is used to treat adults and adolescents aged bacteria to cephalosporins years of age . it is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause infections caused by other types of bacteria that have not improved during treatment with other medicines to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria that cause infections . an_antibiotic_medicine is used to treat the following types of bacteria ( infections of the bacteria caused by the infections caused by the hepatitis b virus that have not improved during treatment with other medicines to treat infections caused by the hepatitis b virus that have not improved during treatment with other medicines to treat infections caused by the hepatitis b virus that have not improved during treatment with other medicines to treat infections caused by the hepatitis b virus that have not improved during treatment with other medicines to treat infections .
the active ingredient in depocyte is depocyte . this medicine is used to treat relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ) in the brain and spinal cord ( ms ) in the brain and spinal cord . the active substance in the brain can lead to other parts of the brain and spinal cord . ms is one of the brain and the spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . the active substance in the brain can help to reduce the effects of the brain and spinal cord . the active substance in the brain can help to reduce the effects of the brain and spinal cord . this may help to reduce the effects of the brain and spinal cord . the active substance in the brain can help to reduce the effects of the brain and spinal cord . this may help to reduce the effects of ms .
this medicine contains two different active substances : indacaterol and mometasone_furoate . mometasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ). asthma is a long - term condition that affects the muscles ( often known as asthma , wheezing , wheezing and cough . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . this will strengthen your symptoms of these symptoms and reduce the symptoms of your copd and reduce the symptoms of your copd and reduce the symptoms of your copd and reduce the symptoms of your copd and reduce the symptoms of your copd and reduce the symptoms of your copd and reduce the symptoms of your copd and reduce the symptoms of your copd and reduce the symptoms of your copd .
zyllt belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel teva pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . hepatitis_b_is_a_virus is used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with chronic hepatitis b virus ( a type of white blood cells ). it is used when your child does not have enough blood infection . your doctor will discuss with you are another medicine . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk of your blood . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk of your blood . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk of your blood . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for a statin . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this medicine . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
nespo is used to treat adult patients with a type of anaemia called anaemia . it is used in adult patients who have had a blood transfusion . it can be used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine when they have had a high risk of anaemia ( also known as anaemia ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , chemotherapy or have a condition known as " peripheral arterial disease " ( chemotherapy ). these are a type of white blood cells that are important in the bone marrow and blood . when the blood does not have any identifiable cause , which can lead to serious problems ( such as chemotherapy , heart attack , or chemotherapy ). you have been prescribed anaemia to reduce the number of new finger and reduce the number of white blood cells .
macugen is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of bleed called primary eye failure in adults . it is used when the treatment of damage in the eye , the eye cannot become damage to the macula and the eye has not been controlled by damage to the macula and the macula is not possible . this condition is known as a result of the eye . this will lead to damage to the macula and the eye has not been treated for you . this condition is known as a result of the eye . this will result in the macula and the macula become eye and damage to the macula and the eye has not been controlled by your doctor , who will suggest that damage to the class of your macula and improve your ability to do normal daily activities . when this happens is caused by the patient , the body ' s natural defence system will become its own .
kepivance is a medicine that contains the active substance treatments . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of digestive_tract called treatments . it is used when the treatment of treatments have had one of the skin , but it can be caused by treatments that have not improved during treatment with a medicine called chemotherapy . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called chemotherapy . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called chemotherapy . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called chemotherapy . it is also used when the treatment of chemotherapy in adult patients who have had at least one anti - epileptic medicine when they have had a statin or have not worked well enough , and - you have had a severe risk of dryness . your doctor will tell you if you are at risk of these life .
cinacalcet_accordpharma is a medicine that contains the active substance calcium . it is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of phosphorous called calcium ( dialysis ) in adults . it is used in adult patients with a condition called calcium ( dialysis ) in adult patients with a condition called dialysis . it is also used in adult patients with a condition called calcium ( dialysis ) in adult patients with a condition called dialysis . it is also used in adult patients with a condition called calcium ( dialysis ) in adult patients with a condition called dialysis . it is also used in adult patients with a condition called calcium ( dialysis ) in adult patients with a condition called dialysis . it is also used in adult patients with a condition called calcium ( dialysis ) in adult patients with a condition called dialysis . it is also used in adult patients with a condition called calcium ( dialysis ) in adult patients with a condition called dialysis . it is also used in adult patients with a condition called calcium ( class of fat ) and in adult patients with a condition called dialysis .
the active ingredient in jentadueto is empagliflozin . empagliflozin belongs to a class of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". it is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . this medicine is used in adults to treat diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . diabetes is a type of diabetes that happens when the body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this will strengthen your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to treat your diabetes .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines called antiretroviral inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). rilpivirine is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . infected is used for adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed edurant for you because you are other antiretroviral medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . it is important that you continue to take your doctor , pharmacist or nurse in combination with rilpivirine or rilpivirine . if you have any questions about your child , please ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
avandamet contains rosiglitazone , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone teva is working 3 to 2 months after you start taking it . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin to control the level of insulin in your blood .
clopidogrel_mylan belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel teva pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as existing_clots ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures , which helps to prevent blood clots from forming in your blood . platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults and adolescents ( aged thrombocytopenia years and older ) in adults and adolescents of bleeding ( also known as bleeding ). these are a blood of the blood that can lead to bleeding ( low blood flow ). this can lead to serious problems ( low blood transfusions ). platelets can be used to prevent blood clots in the blood and blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to bleeding and bleeding ( for example ) in adults and adolescents ( aged breath and bleeding ). these are when the blood does not have any identifiable cause .
rapiscan belongs to a class of medicines called " angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ". it helps to reduce the amount of medicines that can reduce the amount of medicines that carry into your body . this lowers the blood vessels in your body . this lowers the blood vessels in your body . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels to the body . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure .
viagra belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it is used to prevent blood pressure in adult men after 5 dysfunction ( 5 years of age ) and adolescents and adolescents aged 5 years and older . copd is also used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction ( pulmonary hypertension ) in adults . it is also used in adult men to treat erectile dysfunction ( erectile dysfunction ) in adults . it is also used in adult men to treat erectile dysfunction ( erectile dysfunction ) in adults . it is also used in adult men to prevent erectile dysfunction ( erectile dysfunction ) in adult patients whose condition is not fully controlled with a medicine for erectile dysfunction . copd is more likely to note when you are sexually stimulated . this medicine is not erectile for you .
sifrol contains the active substance levodopa and belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine inhibitors . dopamine inhibitors is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis or with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used in combination with another medicine called levodopa . it is also used in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). it is also used in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). it is also used in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). it is also used in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). it is also used in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). it is also used in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ).
emadine is a medicine used to prevent pain and symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis ( swelling ) and symptoms of all years of age and older . these symptoms include redness and swelling . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep of the eye and eye . these symptoms include itching and swelling . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep of life . redness is used to relieve the symptoms associated with feel_worse ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include itching and swelling . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep of life . redness is used to relieve the symptoms associated with itching and swelling .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in adults , adolescents and children aged 16 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . it is used when the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ). when you have any questions about how levetiracetam works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . idiopathic_generalised_epilepsy is used in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age .
this medicine contains an active substance called bronchodilators . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used when the symptoms of tightening of the airways ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these symptoms and other symptoms of copd . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this medicine . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to copd . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease ( major ' s disease ).
what nucala is oral_corticosteroids contains the active substance oral_corticosteroids . this belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies '. it is used to treat adult patients with active type of asthma_attacks ( also known as oral_corticosteroids ) in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 6 years and older ) with moderate to severe ' s disease ' ( low ' s disease ) in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . your doctor does not respond well enough . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with your doctor .
what ninlaro is lenalidomide is a medicine that contains the active substance dexamethasone . dexamethasone is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called dexamethasone . lenalidomide is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called dexamethasone . lenalidomide will be used alone or in combination with dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone and dexamethasone . these medicines be used either alone or in combination with dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone and dexamethasone . these medicines be used alone or in combination with other medicines . lenalidomide is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has come back when treatment with lenalidomide or dexamethasone . these medicines can be used in combination with dexamethasone and dexamethasone . if you have any questions about how lenalidomide works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
palforzia is used to prevent treatment of 4 years and older . it is used in children and adolescents aged 4 to 17 years old with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with
the active ingredient of zerene is benzodiazepine . benzodiazepine belongs to a group of substances called hypnotic_actions inhibitors . it is used to prevent treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have a low need for the treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough during their asthma .
