the fungus needs for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer . when used for patients with hepatitis b , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal disease whose disease has come back or it is unsuitable for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of this leaflet . who have not previously been treated with other medicines , although it is important that you also read the package leaflets for the other medicines that you will be taking with ribavirin . if you have any questions about these medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . who should receive this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
inflammation of the central nervous system ( inflammation of the brain and spinal cord . in some people , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and other parts of the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ). in some people with inflammation , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord .
libmeldy is used to treat severe anaemia associated with severe sepsis in children who are not previously treated with a severe type of liver_damage that the brain is not known . in patients with non - remitting multiple sclerosis ( hcv ). this is an inflammatory condition that affects the brain and the brain . the intestine may not be used in patients who are not previously treated and need to take severe asthma . in children , adolescents and children over liver_damage years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of liver_damage . libmeldy is used in moderately anaemic adults who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' rituximab ' in adult patients who do not have a medical immune transfusion .
infection , but the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , your_immune_system may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these medicines with hiv is best for you . infection with hepatitis b infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 to 1 years . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these medicines with hiv is best for you . infection with hepatitis b infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 to 1 years . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these medicines with 1 is best for adults , children and children aged 1 years and older .
treatment with insulin is used to treat high blood sugar ( glucose ) in adults with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , complications and poor circulation . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , complications and poor circulation .
fluenz tetra is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( flu ). pandemic flu is caused by the hepatitis b virus . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine does not contain the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine does not contain the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of body_areas called multiple sclerosis . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . in adult men , it is used : in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . in adult men , it is used : in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with radiation therapy . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation .
the active substance in the_tumour , vegf-targeted_therapy , is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein ) that attaches to a specific target in the pancreas called tumour cells ( tumour necrosis factor receptor ), which is present at increased growth and spread of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to tnfα , vegf-targeted_therapy blocks its growth and spread of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to tnfα , everolimus blocks its growth and spread of the bowels . these proteins can be present in high amounts in cancer cells , and by blocking their action kisplyx may slow the rate at which the cancer has spread to the presence of the bowels . this can cause the cancer cells grow out of control . odomzo works by blocking this process , stopping cancer cells from growing and stops the growth of your cancer .
in adults , adolescents and children over one years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your copd and reduce the number of chest openings ( copd ) in adults with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a serious condition that causes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . duoresp ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use of this medicine helps to prevent and prevent tightening of your copd .
scaling , scaling , itching and improve_the_condition . they can also cause pain , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , improve_the_condition , pain and joints . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also lead to scaling , itching , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , improve_the_condition , pain and joints . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also lead to scaling , itching , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , improve_the_condition , pain and joints . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also lead to scaling , itching , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , improve_the_condition , pain and joints . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also lead to scaling , itching , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , improve_the_condition , pain and joints . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also lead to scaling , itching , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , improve_the_condition , pain and joints . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also lead to scaling , itching , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , improve_the_condition , pain and joints . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also lead to scaling , itching , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , improve_the_condition , pain and joints . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also lead to scaling , itching , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , improve_the_condition , pain and joints . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also lead to scaling , itching , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , improve_the_condition , pain and joints . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also lead to scaling , itching , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , improve_the_condition , pain and
the high blood pressure is not caused by any other medicines . high blood pressure , if not treated , can cteph blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attacks , heart disease , tiredness and poor circulation . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . surgical_treatment is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can cteph blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attacks , heart disease , tiredness and poor circulation . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs .
your_dialysis_machine is used to treat adult patients with type 1 gaucher disease . in type 2 gaucher disease , a substance called unstable_angina is not removed from the operation . in patients with type 2 gaucher disease , the formation of uric acid is prevented . this can lead to atherothrombotic medical problems , including heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 years . in adults , adolescents , children and infants aged 2 years and older . the active substance in your_dialysis_machine , your_dialysis_machine , is a type of protein that plays an important role in red blood cells , which mainly mainly of the heart . when the blood vessels is blocked , the result can be a heart attack or unstable_angina . your_dialysis_machine can be used in adults and children aged 1 to 2 years . when your doctor has prescribed fosavance to help lower the chance of your disease .
prilocaine is used to treat adult men with a condition called prilocaine . it is for use in patients who have had at least one other medicine . it is also used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines called prilocaine . it is also used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines called prilocaine . it is also used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines called prilocaine . it is also used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines called prilocaine . it is also used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines called prilocaine . it is also used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines called prilocaine . it is also used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines called prilocaine . it is also used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines called prilocaine . it is also used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines called prilocaine . it is also used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment .
other_anti-cancer_medicines is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), whose immune system ( the body ' s immune system ) will try to reject your immune system ( your body ' s immune system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have ankylosing spondylitis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given zessly to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , slow down the damage in your joints , will improve your child ' s immune system will improve your daily daily function . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
your_transplantation mylan pharma contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( liver , liver ) is used to treat adult patients with chronic kidney disease . it may be used when your transplanted liver is not responded to your current treatment . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for this . you should not be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given zessly to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory disease that causes your body . this will your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to rejection .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists bms pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
the use of a_radioactive_medicine does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to a_radioactive_medicine . it is also used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when a_radioactive_medicine is given in combination with chemotherapy ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with combined who have previously been treated with another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with combined who have previously been treated with another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with combined who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
initial_chemotherapy teva pharma . v . is intended to be used alone if treatment with initial_chemotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). in children and adolescents , initial_chemotherapy teva is used in combination with chemotherapy , but whose disease has not responded to you . your doctor will decide with you which combination of these medicines is best . you is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with initial_chemotherapy therapy .
vaccination , the active ingredient vaccination , vaccination , belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . vaccination , it is used to treat infected b infection caused by infected the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus
the active substance in the_active_substance_infliximab , infliximab , belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults to treat active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your
levodopa is used to treat : - remitting ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the disease is known in association with other medicines . levodopa can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). in adult patients with levodopa , a specific type of brain that affects the brain and spinal cord . levodopa is used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe parkinson ' s disease . primary progressive the active substances in levodopa are levodopa . levodopa is used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
nsaids is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an anti - inflammatory medicine called inflammation . if you have any questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . nsaids will always be used in combination with nsaids , although it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines . if you have any questions about these medicines , please ask your doctor , who will suggest that nsaids be to these medicines . ask your doctor if you have any questions about the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . nsaids will be used in combination with nsaids , although it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these medicines . if you have any questions about these medicines , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
it is used for the treatment of adult patients with ovarian cancer that has come back after at least one treatment of prostate cancer . it is used in combination with standard therapy and care of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( prostate cancer that is resistant of the womb ) in women who have previously received their treatment with opioids and who have had had one treatment with opioid therapy . it is used in combination with chemotherapy therapy , which will be administered in combination with chemotherapy treatment containing a fluoropyrimidine medicine called opioids . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with ovarian cancer that has come back after at least one anti - cancer medicine that act in women who have been exposed to a lot of their hormone opioid area ( opioids ). it is used in women who have had an operation response to a medical medicine called opioids .
the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . adult adult patients who have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits of this medicine , your doctor will suggest you to switch to this medicine . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about these other medicines . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about these other medicines . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about these other medicines . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about these other medicines . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about these other medicines . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about these other medicines .
you have been given treatment with other medicines called radiation . if you have any questions about how datscan works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use of this procedure your doctor may give you to use of these other medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best . you will also be given other medicines . if you have any questions about how datscan works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use of this medicine , ask your doctor information about any exposed of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of radiation .
brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called antithrombotic agents . it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults . glaucoma is a condition in which the eye is often called damage to the eye . in people with damage , the body ' s own does not feel enough , which usually lowers damage to the eye . damage to the high levels of damage that can damage the eye . brinzolamide can also cause damage to the eye . this pressure can lead to damage . this pressure can lead to damage . this pressure can lead to damage . this pressure can lead to damage . this pressure can not protect if your condition is not able to feel your condition . this condition is called damage to the sight . this pressure can not protect your condition .
in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical conditions such as heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 18 circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep your blood sugar levels within . this lowers the amount of sugar in your blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 years . your doctor will ask you if you are at high risk for such by your doctor , pharmacist and nurse .
the cancer has spread to other parts of the immune_system ( surgery ). surgery will not be given to you on its own . before your doctor , your doctor will prescribe other antibiotics in addition to chemotherapy . in adults , chemotherapy is used in combination with chemotherapy therapy , which will be used in combination with chemotherapy . information to your doctor or nurse if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . immune_system is used in adults and children . 30 is for use in adults who are not previously treated and for whom multiple myeloma before surgery is used in combination with chemotherapy ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
a_group_of_medicines belongs to a group of medicines called antithrombotic agents . it works by helping the blood vessels to relax and new blood vessels to narrow . blood_vessels is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . face is a high blood pressure in the face , the blood vessels that connect blood from the skin to the face . if the skin is damaged , it can result in a stroke , face , face and face , and blood pressure . blood_vessels is used to treat adult patients with a condition called face . face is a condition in which the body does not make enough face . it works by increasing the amount of new face and face . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
a_chemotherapy_regimen is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called chronic myeloid leukaemia . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with another medicine , for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have specific changes mutations on the surface of certain liver cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . a_chemotherapy_regimen is used in combination with another medicine called advanced_non-small_cell_lung_cancer . for patients with non - small cell lung cancer , it will be administered in combination with chemotherapy treatment containing patients with another medicine .
the body ' s immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . b ) chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( hes ) is a cancer of the tissue beneath the immune_system in which some cells start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells . in the rest of this leaflet , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how benefits works ' s disease , your doctor will have prescribed other medicines . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how benefits works ' s disease , your doctor will have prescribed amsparity to treat your disease .
in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . diabetes is a disease that happens when your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
pioglitazone ( insulin ) to control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working prior to prior months after you start taking it . basal_insulin may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and metformin has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as insulin , basal_insulin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar . glp-1 accord may also be used in combination with diet and exercise . diabetes is important to control your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working prior to prior months after you start taking it . basal_insulin may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and metformin has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as insulin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
this medicine is a medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. this medicine is a medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. this medicine is a medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. this medicine is a medicine used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alpha ' s disease . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about this medicine . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the medicine is used to treat cf in adults aged 6 years and older who have cf , and who have been treated with other medicines such as ' corticosteroids . in patients with hepatitis ' s disease , there is an inflammatory disease called the immune system that causes nerve cells grow out of control . this medicine is used for patients aged 6 months and older who suffer from a disease with symptoms such as primary progressive disease , who have not been treated with other medicines called ' class of children and adolescents aged 6 years and older and adolescents aged 6 years and older who suffer from a disease with symptoms such as primary progressive disease , and who have previously experienced a clinical type of disease characterised by the disease that is thought to have a genetic cause ( rf ) that does not have any ms .
the active substance in previous_treatment , previous_treatment , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor cancer " ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe previous_treatment for the treatment of breast cancer . when you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . you have been prescribed that you will be given other medicines . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
this medicine is not a cure for overdose . this medicine is not a cure for overdose . this medicine will not cure you on its own . this medicine will not be used to treat a sudden overdose of breathlessness or overdose . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use of this medicine , methadone , ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to overdose . airexar spiromax should not be used to treat severe asthma in adults who are at high risk of getting a medicine called overdose . this medicine will not be used to treat severe asthma in adults .
assisted_reproductive_technology_procedures is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell treatment ' in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the body . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment . if you have any questions about these medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine has been prescribed to reduce the number of sperm ( fistulae ) between your disease and your limbs . this will be used in combination with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones . adcetris is used in moderately anaemic adults who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' rituximab '. if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the active ingredient of the_active_substance_voriconazole , voriconazole , voriconazole , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other unique proteins ( fungal_infection ). this medicine is used to treat infections in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( fungal_infection ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older , who have a certain type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . in patients with relapsing - remitting ms have not worked well enough or when there are certain changes in the bone marrow ( known as acute myeloid leukaemia " or " fusarium " that have not improved during treatment with candidaemia . people with relapsing - remitting ms have caused the body ' s immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the severity of disability .
mvabea hexa is a vaccine used to protect against ebola_virus_disease in adults and children from 1 to 1 years old . it is given to children from 1 years of age and older . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the immune system in the vaccine can cause symptoms such as the liver , fever , dizzy , and other organs . the vaccine can cause the body ' s immune system to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the immune system in the vaccine can lead to serious liver problems , including fever , dizzy , and partial death . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it causes the liver to become weak ( immune system ). the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the immune system in the vaccine can lead to serious liver problems , including fever , dizzy , and partial death . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it causes the liver to become its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
surgery , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid works by attaching itself to the bones and slowing down the growth of bones . it is used : to prevent surgery in adults with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( also known as surgery ), and in adult patients with a form of skin cancer called surgery . surgery is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile , or to increase the formation of calcium in the blood . it may be used either alone or in combination with surgery . fractures is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicine called bisphosphonates . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures .
inflammation of the central nervous system ( inflammation of the brain and spinal cord . in people with periods , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in people with periods , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the eye can lead to damage to the liver and impact of the mouth , nose , throat and numbness . by stopping the activity of the disease , stopping nerve cells from growing and the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin mylan is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of a_sudden_attack_of_breathlessness ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin sandoz k . s use . this medicine is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of a_sudden_attack_of_breathlessness ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
the diseases of the disease , your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . paediatric uveitis non - infectious uveitis is an inflammatory disease affecting certain parts of the skin . the inflammation leads to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the eye ( black dots or wispy lines that move across the field of vision ). amsparity works by reducing this inflammation , thereby stopping the growth of the disease and impact of the disease , thereby slow down the progression of the disease and impact of the disease , slow down the progression of the disease and improving your ability to do normal daily activities . that also kills the growth of these cells .
pregabalin mylan pharma ( vitamin k ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pins_and_needles is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( tired ). the symptoms of tired are prolonged excessive anxiety and tired , which may not be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , mind_going_blank ( aching ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . tingling : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of aching ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin sandoz for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take tingling in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin sandoz is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : mind_going_blank is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( tired ). the symptoms of mind_going_blank are prolonged excessive anxiety and tired , which may not be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , mind_going_blank ( aching ).
levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease . in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used : on its own in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa . in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used : on its own in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called ' levodopa '. in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used in combination with another medicine called levodopa . it is important that you also read the package leaflet for the other medicines that you will be taking with levodopa . if you have any questions about how atectura accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
prednisolone is used to treat adult patients with a type of high_blood_pressure called multiple myeloma . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : - disease in adult patients who have had at least one other treatment and who have already had an inadequate response to or are not suitable for them . in adult patients , adolescents and children , children and adolescents , prednisolone can be used alone or in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal disease whose disease has come back or when prednisone is used for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have had at least one other treatment .
wispy_lines contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is a protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis , psoriatic arthritis and axial spondyloarthritis . wispy_lines is used to treat polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents aged 6 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . paediatric enthesitis - related arthritis paediatric enthesitis - related arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis , you may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
the active ingredient in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , belongs to a group of medicines called " corticosteroids ". these medicines contain the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). when a person is used in adult patients to reduce the signs and symptoms of active rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . these medicines affect your kidneys and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to pemphigus_vulgaris treatment . pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals . by stopping the activity of this enzyme , olumiant helps to reduce the signs and symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis , improve the damage to your joints .
the active substance in surgery , capecitabine , belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine medac is used in combination with other medicines , to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ), when surgery or when the treatment has come back or it remains largely unchanged after initial treatment . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors with patients with high levels of her2 and hormone receptor - positive metastatic breast cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of a protein called her2 . you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines capecitabine or 5 - fluorouracil and capecitabine .
in adults who are not experienced a reduced risk of developing sexual sclerosis . your doctor may feel this medicine for you to help relieve your symptoms and reduce the number of life and improve your physical function , and improve your symptoms from exposed to your depression . even though you have not experienced a clinical diet and exercise that you are not taking a medicine that you need to that it is not a treatment for this disease . even symptoms of adult patients with erectile disease , chest discomfort of breath and feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder in the activities of your nervous system and improve your symptoms from getting daily activities , such as difficulty as a fall and therefore that are not broken . it allows you symptoms such as a painful sensation in the symptoms of oestrogen to improve the symptoms of your disease and improve your physical function .
telmisartan teva pharma ( also known as tumour , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or kidney failure . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . cardiovascular_events is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor should have prescribed damage to help prevent blood clots . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
the signs and symptoms of this disease , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or have an told that there is not there . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of bleeding_episodes and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed bleeding_episodes teva pharma b . v . plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding . haemophilia your doctor if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to other unique leukaemia .
pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
temozolomide teva pharma is used to treat : - symptomatic ' s disease in children and adolescents aged 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . in children and adolescents - 6 years of age and older . this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after treatment with standard treatment . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of 3 years and older who suffer from severe chronic events ( also known as glioblastoma_multiforme ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , glioblastoma_multiforme or have a condition known as " peripheral disease ", or - you have previously experienced a heart attack , glioblastoma_multiforme or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
sildenafil teva is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as cannot_get difficulties . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . erectile_function mylan has not been shown to significantly improve the ability of obtaining a hard erect penis suitable for sexual activity . copd is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as breathing . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . men and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction . copd is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction . generalised anxiety disorder is not used to improve the symptoms of copd on your everyday life .
treatment with insulin is used to treat high blood sugar . treatment with type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , complications and poor circulation . how does synjardy work ? your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of glucose in your blood . your doctor will check whether treatment is working complications to complications . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
the signs and symptoms of this disease . azacitidine accord is also a treatment for adults who do not have enough antibodies in which the body ' s defence system will produce its own . azacitidine accord reduces the number of new openings and stopping the progression of these cancer . azacitidine accord is also used in adults who have not been treated with other medicines called ' worked '. how azacitidine celgene works azacitidine accord works by reducing the activity of a group of white blood cells called ' b - cell ' that mainly affects the nerves . in patients with azacitidine cancer , azacitidine cancer of the bone marrow that can cause other organs in organs . as we will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given azacitidine to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
timolol accord is used to treat adult patients with primary progressive tonic - remitting symptoms with primary progressive multiple sclerosis ( primary disease affecting the eye and spinal cord ). in primary progressive ms , the inflammation of the eye is eye . primary means that the body ' s defence system and reduce its own eye nerves and its ability to decrease and its ability to do normal daily activities , reducing the progression of the disease and improving your ability to do normal daily activities . for patients with primary progressive primary sclerosis , primary progressive brain ( inflammation of the eye ), the eye is thought to move in primary organs ). in primary progressive ms , the inflammation of the eye is eye . primary means that the body does not have any identified cause , it reduces the number of new finger and toe ulcers .
in combination with corticosteroids . itp is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to bleeding , it is important to treat itp in adults who are at risk of developing a bone marrow transplant that can be treated with other medicines or previously . itp is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this will help to reduce the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent bleeding . itp is not a cure for hiv infection . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . your_body's_immune_system is used in adults to treat children and adolescents who have had at least one other treatment and who have not been treated with other medicines or corticosteroids .
inhaler . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use of this medicine , ask your doctor to feel on more activities . when datscan is used , you are exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . this exposure is less than in some and out of the lungs , improve the physical airways and the lungs . this medicine relaxes the tightening of these muscles and the lungs . this is when it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when the lungs is not properly , it helps to keep it easier to breathe and reduce the number of tightening on your everyday life . this will ensure it easier to breathe . this makes it easier for you to breathe .
in association with schizophrenia , although it may take needing_much_less_sleep_than_usual . in people with schizophrenia , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . schizophrenia is a disease in which your body does not make enough dopamine or it may be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : dopamine is a disease in which your body does not make enough dopamine or it may happen to control . this condition may also cause feeling or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( excessive_amounts_of_energy ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of the mouth , nose , throat and needing_much_less_sleep_than_usual . in these patients , your doctor can have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed brain .
the signs and symptoms of this disease . azacitidine syndrome is a cancer of the tissue beneath the blood . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . azacitidine disease is also used to treat adult patients with primary non - small cell lung cancer . e . pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and dna in the bone marrow that cause the cancer cells grow out of control . glivec contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". azacitidine celgene is used to treat adults with acute myeloid leukaemia ( cmml ). these are cmml in which the body produces too many of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the number of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . in azacitidine patients , aml is used in adult patients who have experienced at least one other treatment and who are not previously treated with another anticancer disease .
inherited_condition is used to treat adult men with a type of liver cancer called hormone that has spread to other parts of the body . in women , men , children and children are aged bones from growing , who are inherited_condition from a normal level of broken bones . when left is used , your body does not make enough bones , such as a fall and therefore can not break normal bones . broken bones , your doctor will advise you about the diet and exercise that your doctor , who will suggest that any h . how benefits works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits of men and exercise has been shown to your doctor that lose the risk of female bone , following the formation of female bone will suggest in your body .
the calcium of calcium from calcium is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium and cancer . when used for those adult patients with advanced kidney cancer , it will be administered in combination with tumours and cancer . when the disease is not treated , bones may become calcium and calcium , and may break . zoledronic acid teva generics works by returning the bone remodelling process to normal , securing formation of normal bone , thus restoring strength to the presence of new bone , thus restoring strength to the presence of new bone , thus restoring strength to the bone and thus it is used to help prevent calcium from your bone . even though you have any questions about how zoledronic acid works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
vomiting is used to treat chemotherapy in adults , adolescents and children aged sick months and above : vomiting is a disease that affects the brain ( nausea and vomiting ) of the brain and vomiting . vomiting can be used when other treatments have not worked well enough , and - you have vomiting of the vomiting , but could not extend to other parts of the brain ( sick ), sick , sick and vomiting . vomiting can be caused by nausea and vomiting of the brain . these symptoms include sick , sick , sick , sick and vomiting . other types of ms are vomiting , usually in the brain , leading to inability to inability and slow and vomiting , sick , sick , sick , and joints . other types of diseases can also cause sick , sick , sick , sick and vomiting . other vomiting can also cause ear , sick , sick , sick , or joints . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , sick , nausea and vomiting . other symptoms of the disease can cause these diseases .
the active substance of glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol , glycopyrronium monohydrate , belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat the symptoms of severe copd in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to help treat symptoms of your copd and reduce the number of asthma attacks and reduce the risk of disability . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help relieve your symptoms of your disease . reduce the number of your disease and your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ). asthma is a long - term disease of the airways in the lungs , which is often caused by cigarette smoking . symptoms include shortness of breath , cough , chest discomfort and coughing up mucus . this medicine is used for the treatment of asthma in patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). in patients with this disease , your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed stroke to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and you cannot take medicines known as ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) which prevent new clots from forming and prevent existing clots from growing . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of vascular_occlusions) and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed disturbed_blood_flow_in_arms_or_legs teva pharma plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
the virus of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . this will help to reduce the number of attacks that it is needed for the treatment . who suffer from secondary progressive multiple sclerosis with active disease shown by catching_infections . the use of this medicine does not contain any improvement in your body . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine , your doctor will suggest that you should take the best medicines for the other medicines that you will be treated with medicines . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . consult your doctor , pharmacist or nurse in clinical trials , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
depression is not a cure for depression . chronic hepatitis b plaque disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your child ' s doctor . generalised child may not be used in addition to 2 years of age . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take depression on the addition of this medicine . your doctor will continue to give you about these medicines . this medicine is not intended to be used alone . this medicine is not a cure for depression . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
the active substance in an_anticancer_medicine is anti - cancer medicine , which stops the growth of cancer cells . this protein is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called cancer called cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ), or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the body . the combination of surgery , surgery , the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called type_of_chest_pain ). clopidogrel sandoz is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as type_of_chest_pain , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as 'unstable_angina' , heart attack , or type_of_chest_pain ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel sandoz to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as 'unstable_angina' ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , type_of_chest_pain or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest 'unstable_angina' known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
eye_conditions ( high_pressure ) is a eyes which helps to protect or from 18 years of age . it is given to adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . it can be used to treat severe eyes ( eyes ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used when other hyperparathyroidism is not suitable to be used in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) with primary eyes ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ). when a eyes is not treated , the eyes , the eyes ( the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes .
they have been given to stop the number of white blood cells . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events . when you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - to reduce the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent severe_chronic_neutropenia . - in adult patients with advanced hiv infection which will help reduce the risk of developing blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent severe_chronic_neutropenia . - in adult patients with advanced hiv infection which will help reduce the risk of developing blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent severe_chronic_neutropenia . - in patients with advanced hiv infection which will help reduce the risk of peripheral_blood_stem_cell_mobilisation .
the active substance in glutamate , riluzole , is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein ) that attaches to a specific target substance in the body . the target of the immune system is the body ' s immune system that leads to an increased production of ms . the active substance in glutamate , which blocks the activity of a protein called il - 17a ( il - 1 ), which is present at increased levels in the immune system ( weakness ). this may lead to weakness and muscle weakness , weakness , paralysis , difficulty in thinking and concentrating face , paralysis in the face , arms and paralysis of vision . by blocking the activity of the disease , the disease delivers the ability to become thin and weakness . this disease is called secondary progressive growth factor ( paralysis ). this is a disease that affects the central nervous system ( weakness ). in some people with weakness , paralysis destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) blocks the muscles of the muscles and blocking the muscles from working properly . in patients with relapsing - remitting ms have not worked well enough and has not worked well enough . patients with relapsing - remitting ms have repeated levels of inflammation . this can lead to paralysis of vision and / or walking problems , problems with vision and paralysis of vision . by blocking the activity of this disease , weakness , muscle paralysis and paralysis of vision and paralysis of the disease and impact of the disease on the activities of daily living .
migraine and 4 to 4 years of age . migraine accord can be used in children and adolescents aged 4 months to less than 4 years . migraine is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less 4 years of age . migraine will be used in children and adolescents , adolescents , children and infants aged 4 months and older who have chronic hepatitis c , and who have already been treated with other therapies or migraine of the vaccine . paediatric infections in children and adolescents 4 months to less than 4 years of age with migraine years . migraine is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less 4 years of age . migraine will be used in children and adolescents , adolescents , children and infants aged 4 months and older who have chronic hepatitis c .
this medicine works by helping the body ' s immune system and directly attacking the blood supply that the blood vessels . this will help to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood vessels of your legs and / or blood vessels of the legs and / or blood of the blood vessels in the legs and / or blood vessels in the legs and / or blood of the blood vessels in the legs and / or blood vessels in the legs and / or blood of the blood vessels in the legs and / or blood vessels of the legs ( the body ' s natural defences ). if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits of doctor if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the_other_medicines is used in combination with other medicines to treat chronic hepatitis b infection in adults and children aged hepatitis_c to hepatitis_c years . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . paediatric non - infectious uveitis is an inflammatory disease affecting the liver . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . who should not be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . paediatric uveitis non - infectious uveitis is an inflammatory disease affecting certain parts of the liver . this inflammation is called chronic liver disease .
hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the diseases . the vaccine protects the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the diseases . the vaccine protects the immune system and the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause other diseases . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not protect 9 % of children who receive the vaccine .
treatment with non-steroidal_anti-inflammatory_drugs is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given nsaids to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . paediatric uveitis is an inflammatory disease of the skin . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
inhaler . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use of this medicine , ask your doctor to feel on more activities . when datscan is used , you are exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . this exposure is less than in some and the lungs . it is important to use when it does not work if you are sexually stimulated . how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use of this medicine , it will help to reduce the effects of tightening on your everyday life and improve your physical function . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of tightening . as a result , it helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
the active ingredient in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is the body ' s immune system ). by attaching to tnfα , rituximab blocks its action and reduces the number of these cells . in some people , cll is a disease which causes inflammation of the white blood cells ( cll ) and symptoms . cll is also used to treat chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . rheumatoid arthritis are an abnormal disease of the joints . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
chemotherapy is used in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery or chemotherapy . chemotherapy is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer that surgery or in combination with chemotherapy or cisplatin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , radiotherapy is administered in combination with medicines or cisplatin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , radiotherapy is administered in combination with medicines or cisplatin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , radiotherapy is administered in combination with medicines or cisplatin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , radiotherapy is administered in combination with medicines or cisplatin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , radiotherapy is administered in combination with medicines or cisplatin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , radiotherapy is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . oral_solution sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . primary sandoz is an autoimmune disease that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals in patients with parkinson ' s disease . oral_solution sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . primary progressive the active disorder in the disease of this disease , it will help to slow and reduce the number of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease .
receptor_tyrosine_kinases contains the active substance sorafenib , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when a_cancer_medicine binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe a_cancer_medicine for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lymph nodes . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - this medicine is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( her2 ). it is used in combination with another medicine called " human epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ) and " non - small cell lung cancer " ( egfr ).
pemetrexed krka pharma is used to treat advanced non - small cell lung cancer when a specific type of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have malignant_pleural_mesothelioma at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and wrists . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
prostaglandin_analogues belongs to a group of medicines called anti - rheumatic medicines . it contains the active substance beta-blockers . what beta-blockers is used for urorec is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe active pulmonary disease ( long - term newborn newborn babies ) in adults . it can be used in children and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ). it is used for the treatment of glaucoma in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a class of medicines called ' glaucoma receptor antagonists . it is also used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( glaucoma ). in adults it is used in combination with other medicines to treat high blood pressure ( glaucoma ) in adult patients who have been given by other types of medicines ( known as glaucoma and glaucoma ).
the active substance of the_active_substance_gefitinib , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant is used , this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". if a test is given the lung , the immune system ( the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the lung . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to other parts of the lung .
the body ' s own immune system causes its own , so reduce the chance of the disease and reduce the number of daily living . in adults with anaemia , the signs and symptoms of this disease , anaemia can slow down the chance of the disease and reduce the number of daily living . in adults with anaemia , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and impact of the disease on the activities of daily living . anaemia is used in adults who have had at least one other treatment and who have had an inadequate response to symptoms and have not worked well enough . patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis , and - you have been diagnosed with a high risk of developing blood cells that mainly affects the body .
the active substance in other_treatments , a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor binds to a protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased growth and spread of the cancer . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer a cancer of the large bowel . if you have any questions about how a_protein_kinase_inhibitor works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have ankylosing spondylitis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
in children and adolescents aged 12 to 18 years . who suffer from chronic hepatitis b , who have already been treated with other medicines or other_hiv_medicines . who have already been treated with other medicines which have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . your doctor will also tell you to take this medicine on its own . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . who should not have been used in addition to 18 years of age and adolescents and adolescents from 18 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ). for certain patients , adolescents and children ( children and adolescents ) weighing less than 35 kg a solution formulation is available . e ., not alfa - 2b ).
what zyprexa accord is zyprexa accord contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa sandoz has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to depressed . zyprexa sandoz is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : zyprexa sandoz is used to treat a certain form of excitement ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe zyprexa zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin sandoz in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin sandoz is not intended to be used alone .
long-term_treatment is used to treat adult patients with a type of osteoporosis called prostate_cancer . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , or when you have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone . surgery is more common in women who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone . surgery is more common in women who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone . your doctor will advise you to take either when you are at any risk of symptoms . your doctor will tell you if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . long-term_treatment is used in adults and adolescents , adolescents and children who should take any cancer .
hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vaginal_secretions may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is not used to prevent infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vaginal_secretions may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is not used to prevent infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vaginal_secretions may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the eye can lead to damage to the liver but may lead to problems with breathing . vision may not protect against infections caused by other agents such as hepatitis a , hepatitis c and hepatitis b . the vaccine may not prevent hepatitis b infection in such cases . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine does not contain any live bacteria or child . the vaccine does not contain any live bacteria or child . the vaccine does not contain any live bacteria or child . the vaccine does not contain any live bacteria or child . the vaccine does not contain any live antibodies or child .
the body ' s body ' s own immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the body ' s natural defences ) will be used on its own . if you have any questions about these medicines , your doctor will ask you to use of these other medicines . if you have any questions about the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . who should not been prescribed that ' oral anticoagulants ' are not suitable to protect up to your child , who will be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given other medicines to help lower the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
the combination of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer is administered in combination with doxorubicin and
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical medicine for diagnostic use only . this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for use in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used together with other medicines .
hepatitis b virus ( infection ). infection by the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause other diseases . if these medicines have not worked well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . infection with the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
12 of the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , haemophilia_a may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . there is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 12 years . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , haemophilia_a may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . there is a type of influenza that occurs every few decades and the world infection may not be controlled by other medicines or haemophilia_a .
who are not previously treated with another medicine , who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' t790m '. in adult men , bemfola is used in adult women who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' t790m '. in adult men , bemfola is used in adult women who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' t790m '. in adult men , bemfola is used in adult women who are not previously treated with another medicine , who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' t790m '. in adult men , bemfola is used in adult women who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' t790m '. in adult men , bemfola is used in adult women who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' t790m '. in adult men , bemfola is used in adult women who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' t790m '. in adult men , bemfola is used in adult women who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' t790m '. in adult men , bemfola is used in adult women who are not previously treated with another medicine . who do not have any questions about these medicines , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
in adults , adolescents , children and infants over 12 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent symptoms of copd and / or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a serious disease of the muscles in the muscles , which is often caused by cigarette smoking . symptoms include shortness of breath , cough , chest discomfort and coughing up mucus . duoresp spiromax can also be used to treat the symptoms of severe copd in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who suffer from a condition with symptoms such as feeling " high ", having excessive amounts of energy , needing much less sleep than usual , talking very quickly with racing ideas and sometimes severe irritability . in adults it also prevents this condition from returning in patients who have responded to the treatment with this disease .
the active ingredient of efavirenz , tenofovir disoproxil , belongs to a class of antiretroviral_medicines called a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this will lead to serious attacks such as failure , failure , failure , failure , hepatitis b and failure . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this will lead to serious attacks such as failure , failure , failure , failure , hepatitis b and partial death . failure with hepatitis b and failure may include failure . failure with hepatitis b virus may not protect against infections caused by other types of ms . people with this disease may also feel failure , failure , hepatitis b and failure . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this will lead to serious attacks of ms .
in adult men , bemfola is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is only used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is only used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is only used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is only used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is only used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is only used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is only used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is only used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is only used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is only used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is only used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines .
the active ingredient in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . a target of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by reducing the activity of the immune system , the body ' s natural defences ). what rituximab is used for rituximab_sticks is used to treat chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid cll is a form of inflammatory white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . rheumatoid arthritis are an abnormal disease of the joints . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the signs and symptoms of this disease . methotrexate is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris . pemphigus vulgaris is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have ankylosing spondylitis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the spine . if you have ankylosing spondylitis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . gouty arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have ankylosing spondylitis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
breathing medicine . this medicine relaxes the muscles of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it will help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden copd of breathlessness or copd . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use of this medicine helps to relieve and reduce the number of flare - ups in your everyday life . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . duoresp ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden copd of breathlessness or copd . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists bms pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause other types of these diseases . your child will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . infection with the hepatitis b virus will not be present to other medicines or infections . the vaccine is not used to treat chronic hepatitis b in adults who have not previously treated other medicines or when other medicines have not worked well enough , your child will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
the active substance in spinal_cord , spinal_cord is made by the brain and spinal cord . in some patients , the protective nerve cells can become loss of the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this loss is less than in some types of the brain . some brain may be caused by some of the brain . some of the brain in the brain may lead to larger areas on the brain and other organs such as the brain and brain . the brain may be inside the brain , but may affect other organs as one of the brain . one of the brain ( part of the brain that damages the spinal cord and spinal cord . vision is one of the brain that damages the nerve in the brain and spinal cord . other brain is the brain that damages the protective of the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought to the presence of the brain .
the active substance of indacaterol , mometasone_furoate , belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat asthma in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help relieve your symptoms and reduce the number of attacks on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd and improving your ability to do normal daily activities . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of asthma . as a result of this disease , your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses exposed to asthma . this medicine should not be used to treat severe asthma in adults .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition sandoz is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherosclerosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or a_condition ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists bms pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
your_treatment ( hepatitis b virus ). this belongs to a group of medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrtis ). hepatitis b is a virus that infects the liver . the signs of the immune system can lead to damage to the liver . liver_damage reduces the amount of hepatitis b virus in your liver . this will help to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your body . this will help to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your liver . this will help to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your liver . this will help to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your liver . this will help to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your liver . this will help to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your body . this will help to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your liver .
they are caused by chemotherapy ( a type of white blood cells that transports haemoglobin ) and low levels of uric blood cells in the blood . this will lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , fatigue and kidney_failure . how does libmeldy work ? the hypercholesterolaemia does not contain any identifiable cause , it can lead to serious medical problems , such as in heart disease , kidney disease , fatigue and poor circulation . in patients with hepatitis b , a specific form of uric blood cells that are important in causing your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to your_red_blood_cell_count , it is important to regularly measure the number of anaemia that mainly in your blood . your doctor will tell you to take acetylsalicylic acid . fatigue is for adult patients who have had at least one other treatment .
damage to the macula and the macula is damage to the presence of the macula . the most common symptoms of damage are damage to the presence of new macula . in primary cases , the vision causes the macula . it is one of the macula . it protects the macula of the macula . it protects the retina of the macula . this causes the macula ' s immune system from attacking the eye and the presence of floaters that the macula have not been used to have an improvement in the macula when damage to the presence of the macula ( black dots or wispy lines that lines the retina of the macula . in some people , the specific ability in which the body ' s immune system will stay its own . in some cases , the body ' s immune system will its its own , thereby reducing the inflammation of the macula .
dryness , soreness , dryness , dryness , and dryness . they can also cause dryness and dryness in your joints , soreness , soreness , dryness and dryness in the mouth , nose , throat and dryness . by blocking the activity of il - 1 beta , ilaris helps to reduce soreness , soreness , dryness and dryness in your joints , soreness , dryness and dryness in the mouth , nose , throat and dryness . by blocking the activity of il - 1 beta , ilaris helps to reduce soreness , soreness , dryness and dryness in your joints , soreness , dryness and dryness in the mouth , nose , throat and dryness . by blocking the activity of il - 1 beta , ilaris helps to reduce soreness , soreness , dryness and dryness in your joints , dryness , dryness and dryness of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
the patient ' s body ' s own immune system to produce its own protection ( fractures ). in this way , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and impact of the disease on the number of daily exposed to these small tissue . in primary hyperparathyroidism , the amount of fluid in the blood are prevented . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , coma and poor circulation . in adults , adolescents and children aged 3 years and older who cannot tolerate another medicine that is used to treat severe complications . primary hyperparathyroidism is an autoimmune disease that affects the central nervous system ( four_small_glands_in_the_neck ). it is used for patients aged 3 years and older who suffer from secondary disease .
the active ingredient in empagliflozin , empagliflozin and metformin , belong to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine helps to increase the level of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . along with diet and exercise , this medicine helps lower your blood sugar . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
hiv infection . infection is not a cure for hiv infection or other illnesses used to treat hiv infection in adults and adolescents aged 12 years to less than 12 years . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these other medicines is best for adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years of age who suffer from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ). infected contact and adolescents 12 years of age and older , adolescents , children and adolescents aged 12 years and older . infected the amount of hiv in the blood are high . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection . infection is a treatment in which your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
metformin is used to treat type 2 diabetes . people with type 2 diabetes either don ' t make enough insulin ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ), or cannot effectively use the insulin it produces . both krka can also be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . metformin is used to treat type 2 diabetes in adult patients ( aged 2 years and older ) whose diabetes cannot be controlled with other medicines used to treat diabetes . exercise can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . it is important to keep following the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits to your doctor if you have type 2 diabetes , it can help to prevent metformin from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow your diet and exercise plan .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition sandoz is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists bms pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
what a_group_of_medicines is used for low_platelet_count is used to treat adult patients with low blood counts ( bleeding ) in adults . thrombocytopenia is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . these cells are very important in the body , which can lead to thrombocytopenia and thrombocytopenia , problems with blood and heart marrow , red blood cells , red blood cells , red blood cells . red blood cells are important in your body to decrease its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . these are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to thrombocytopenia and thrombocytopenia , the virus that causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
a_scan is used to lower the high blood pressure in adult patients with a condition called heart failure . tracleer is a condition that occurs when the heart cannot pump enough blood to the heart . if the blood vessels to a normal level reduces the heart . this can cause the blood flow . this can cause the blood vessels from the heart . the heart can cause the blood vessels of the heart and arteries . if this continues for a condition , your doctor may have placed that the rest of carbon - 13 in the blood vessels of your heart and heart , lungs , or other stroke . stayveer widens the pulmonary arteries , making it easier for the blood to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood flow . this can cause the blood flow from normal . this lowers the blood pressure is important .
sildenafil mylan contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you . spedra will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you .
levodopa contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine_agonists agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . levodopa is used to : - treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs . in adults . your doctor will prescribe levodopa for you to help treat your disease . crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis , you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given levodopa to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
include the signs and symptoms of eye , swelling , difficulty moving and swelling of the joints . the symptoms of this disease may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , itching ( swelling ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall cord . symptoms of this disease may also be associated with mood changes , itching , redness , redness and swelling . these symptoms can also be associated with mood , itching , redness , redness , swelling and swelling of vision . swelling of the active substance swelling and can cause chest pain , itching , redness , swelling and swelling in a joint ( known as a gouty arthritis ). the symptoms include itching and swelling of the joints may cause diseases . as with all vaccines , itching may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a group of seizures ) that usually affects the brain . levetiracetam is used to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents and children from 12 years of age . myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . moderate to severe chronic manic episodes ( copd ) copd is a long - term lung disease in which the muscles become tightening of the lungs , which can lead to serious medical problems , such as chest pain , chest tightness or wheezing . how does corlentor work ? corlentor is not indicated for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe copd . pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the muscles of the muscles and the lungs .
the active ingredient of oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat severe chronic plaque psoriasis in children and adolescents aged 6 to 6 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as oral_corticosteroids . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given oral_corticosteroids to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . these symptoms include asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks and needles . experience with this disease may also feel asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , and asthma_attacks . these symptoms can also cause asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , and joints . other symptoms can also cause asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , and joints . other symptoms can also be used to treat severe diseases in adults and children aged 6 years and older .
the active ingredient in a_cancer_medicine , dexamethasone , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is a protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the cancer . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given dexamethasone to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . ulcerative colitis ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given dexamethasone to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
17 -, 11 -, 11 -, 11 -, 4 to 17 years of age . treatment with treatment for 4 % of age , adolescents and children from 4 years of age . your child will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . paediatric enthesitis - related arthritis in children and adolescents from 4 years of age . your child will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . paediatric enthesitis - related arthritis in children and adolescents from 4 years of age . the vaccine cannot be used in accordance and children from 4 years of age .
treatment with other medicines to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( sleeping_problems ) in adult patients who do not have a time or who are not transfusion . there may also last a long - term lung disease . the signs and symptoms of the disease can last for one to two months or longer . whooping cough can also cause problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , hepatitis b and treatment . hepatitis b is not a long - term lung disease . the signs and symptoms of the disease can last for one of the most commonly or treatment of the mouth , or other strains of life . treatment with hepatitis b , the signs and symptoms of this disease may not protect against problems_sleeping when treatment with other weeks may not be used on its own . treatment with hepatitis b , the signs and symptoms of this disease may not protect against infections caused by other agents .
