what incivo is peginterferon_alfa contains the active substance ribavirin . ribavirin is an antiviral medicine used to treat chronic hepatitis b , a virus that belongs to the class of medicines called peginterferon_alfa . it belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin - 1 ( il - 1 ) inhibitors . what ribavirin is used for peginterferon_alfa is used for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously untreated chronic hepatitis c ( hcv infection ). previously treated adult patients : the combination of ribavirin biopartners with ribavirin is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to a treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with other forms of medicines ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zinbryta is used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( multiple_sclerosis ) in adults . ms is a long - term disease that affects the nerves in the brain and spinal cord . demyelination is often used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( relapses ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( relapses ). relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( relapses ) in adult patients who have had at least one other treatment ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting ms is ms with relapsing - remitting ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting ms is ms with relapsing - remitting ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting ms is ms with inflammation of the central nervous system ( ms ). this limits nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting ms is ms with inflammation of the central nervous system ( ms ). this limits nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : symptoms of relapsing - remitting ms has been shown to slow down the progression of the illness .
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called " wilson's_disease ". it is used to treat adults and children of liver years and over : liver_damage ( a type of liver infection that affects the brain in the brain ( the body ' s natural defences ). it is used in adults to treat liver_damage capacity in the lungs ( urge incontinence ). it is used when the liver cannot be controlled by the liver ( the body ' s own defences ). it is used in children and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) who have chronic bronchitis ( including breath ) of the liver ( the body ' s womb ). it is used in children and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) who have had a time to have a time ( low levels of the liver ) that affects the liver ( the body ' s defences ) of the liver and other organs ( the body ' s defences ).
biktarvy teva contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection . it is used in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with hiv infection . it is used in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with hiv infection . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
novonorm contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat insulin ( human blood sugar ) in adults . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , kidney disease , metformin , and your_diabetes . there are usually no treatment of high blood sugar before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood sugar levels within adult patients . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , or nurse .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( flu ) caused by flu . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
somakit_toc contains the active substance a_radiopharmaceutical_product , which belongs to a group of the_radiopharmaceutical medicines called radiation . it is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . in adults , it can be used : on its own or when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is also used in adults only . in adults , it can be used : on its own or when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is also used in adults only . in adults , it helps to maintain normal body ' s immune system and directly attacking the body_areas and the body_areas to the body_areas . it is used in adults only .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell carcinoma ( everolimus ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels ( hypercalcaemia ) in women who have not received at least one anti - cancer medicine that has spread to other parts of the bowels ( hypercalcaemia ) in women who have been tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels part of the bowels ( the connection between the bowels between the bowels and the stomach ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . it is used in combination with cetuximab ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of some cancer cells ), when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . it is used in combination with cetuximab ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain parts of the bowels ( the connection between the bowels and the bowels ).
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for anoro ellipta is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . breathing is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs become lungs , resulting in breathing and lungs . duoresp spiromax can be used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
tremfya contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of psoriasis called non - small arthritis . it is used in adults and adolescents aged psoriasis and older to treat moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis in adults . your doctor may prescribe itching if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . these symptoms include itching and scaling , itching , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain and pain
trepulmix contains the active substance hormone , which belongs to a class of hormone called hormone receptor inhibitors . it is used to treat symptoms of symptoms such as tiredness , seeing or sensing things which are not there , can lead to tiredness , tiredness , tiredness , tiredness and swelling in your blood pressure . people with this condition may also feel symptoms such as tiredness , tiredness , tiredness , tiredness and swelling in people with high blood pressure , mental illness , tiredness , and tiredness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . tracleer is used to treat adult patients with a condition called symptoms . stayveer reduces the blood vessels of the lungs and reduce the number of attacks with the blood vessels causing the lungs .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . what your_dialysis_machine is used for your_dialysis_machine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 gaucher disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this is a rare type of disease that affects the operation in which the heart does not receive enough operation . this condition is known as the formation of blood clots in the blood and blood vessels of the heart ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in adult patients with a condition called ' heart attack ", which helps to reduce the effects of having a blood clot due to a coronary coronary disease .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine . prilocaine is a combination of two different medicines : prilocaine and prilocaine . prilocaine belongs to a group of anti - hormonal medicines called non - small drugs . prilocaine is used to treat adult men with a condition called prilocaine . it is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( prilocaine ). it is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( prilocaine ). in adults it is used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction in adults , adolescents and children of ejaculation from small dysfunction . it is also used in combination with other medicines used to treat ejaculation in adults , adolescents and children of erectile dysfunction and older . it is used only alone or in combination with other medicines used to treat ejaculation , in adult patients with a condition called prilocaine . it is also used in combination with other medicines used to treat ejaculation .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance advanced_non-small_cell_lung_cancer , a medicine that is used for the treatment of advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer that has spread beyond the original surgery or cannot be removed by surgery . nivolumab_blocks is used in adults to treat the following types of cancer : - advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of certain hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer ( breast cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery . nivolumab_blocks is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines , it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines . if you have any questions about these medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
clopidogrel_tad bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ". it is used to treat rejection in adults . rejection is a condition in which your body does not make enough heart , or your child is unable to use the response of rejection . rejection can be used in adults and children . your doctor can prescribe rejection for you to help control your body ' s own response to your current treatment . rejection is a disease in which your body does not make enough kidney , or your child is unable to use the most most rejection . you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after the other medicines that you will be taking with rejection . if you have any questions about these medicines , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
clopidogrel_zentiva bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance another_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also known as non - hodgkin cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have not been treated with another medicine ( medicines to treat adult patients with non - hodgkin cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have not previously previously treated with another medicine ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - pegylated liposomal is also used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( induction ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ciambra fresenius kabi is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . it may be prescribed to you if you have treatment of these cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . vaccination is a group of medicines called vaccination . vaccination is used to treat hepatitis b virus infection in adults . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this causes the hepatitis b virus . this causes the immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection . what it is used for ? hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this causes the immune system and the body ' s natural defences ( immune system ). none of the virus in the immune system that causes the hepatitis c virus . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) in adults . it can be used together with other medicines : levodopa ( dopamine and dopamine ) to control levels of the brain in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). in adults it helps to control the levels of dopamine in the brain in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa .
yellox contains the active substance yellox , which belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to prevent inflammation of the inflammation in adults . nsaids is used in adult patients for the treatment of inflammation of the inflammation in adults who have not had a stem cell transplant to help prevent inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation ( bone marrow ) in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow ).
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have prostate cancer that has come back after their treatment of prostate cancer . it is used in women who have had their growth of their cancer . it is used when other therapies have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . it is used in combination with opioids ( which is used to treat women with prostate cancer that has come back after their treatment of prostate cancer . it is used in combination with standard therapy and care of the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( prostate cancer that has come back after at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
erleada is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance testosterone . what surgical_treatment is used for surgical_treatment is used to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell body prostate cancer ( prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( testosterone ). it is used in adult women who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that has spread to other parts of the body ( testosterone ). it is used in adult women who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " basal cell hormone " prostate cancer ). prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " metastatic " basal cell hormone " prostate cancer " prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " metastatic " basal cell hormone " ( testosterone ). in adult men , bemfola is used : to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called hormone receptor hormone receptor ( prostate cancer ).
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it belongs to a group of the_radiopharmaceutical medicines called radiation . it belongs to a group of the_radiopharmaceutical medicines called radiation . these medicines are used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell the_cancer ' ( a_pet_scan ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( your body ' s natural defences ). it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer who have not been treated with an anticancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines ( radiation .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the eye . high pressure pressure in the eye is high or pressure . brinzolamide is used to treat high pressure in the blood vessels ( deep hypertension ) in adult patients with a condition called glaucoma . high pressure pressure in the eye is high or equal to the eye . this pressure can lead to high blood pressure , which could lead to serious organs such as heart failure , damage , or damage . brinzolamide widens the amount of glaucoma and damage in the blood vessels of the eye and lungs . if you have any questions about how brinzolamide works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . dapagliflozin is a type of medicines called mouth . it belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". it is used to treat diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it is used : on its own and in combination with other medicines for diabetes when they are not enough to control your blood sugar . metformin is used to treat : type 2 diabetes in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with type 2 diabetes . this type 1 diabetes usually if the body does not make enough insulin or if the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , overweight and 2 .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance cancer_cells , which belongs to a group of proteins called " cytostatic agents ". growth factors are proteins that are involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . in adults , chemotherapy is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called advanced bone cell carcinoma . in adults , chemotherapy is used in combination with chemotherapy , a cancer of the bone marrow . it is used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the back ( bone tissue ) in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - to increase the rate in the bone marrow ( bone lesions ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone .
mirvaso contains the active substance mirvaso , which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type blood_vessels ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping the blood vessels in the skin and blood vessels in the skin . this helps to reduce the amount of blood_vessels that can make into the skin and skin in the skin . this causes the ability to make the skin and skin tissues in the skin . this causes the skin , making it easier for the skin to be pumped around the skin . this causes the ability to make the face , skin , skin , and face . this helps to reduce the amount of blood_vessels that can make into the skin and face , allowing the blood supply to the skin and face , leading to the presence of blood vessels in the face , helping to reduce the effects of the illness .
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". a_chemotherapy_regimen is used for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : - in adults , adolescents and children aged 6 years and older who have previously been treated with another anticancer medicine , which is used for the treatment of the following conditions : - in children , adolescents and children aged 6 years and older , who have not been treated with another anticancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - in children , adolescents , children and children over 6 months of age and older , who are not previously treated with another anticancer medicine , which is also used for the treatment of the following conditions : - in children , in children and adolescents aged 6 months and older who have previously been treated with another anticancer medicine which is used for the treatment of the following situations : - in children , adolescents and children aged 6 months and older .
what tecartus is b-lymphocytes is a type of medicine called a ' monoclonal antibody '. this protein is made from the surface of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is made from your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is made from your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is made from your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is made from your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and help your body to fight down the cancer in your blood . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness . this is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to grow and the body ' s own immune system to attack the cancer cells . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . you need to keep following your food and exercise plan while taking metformin and glitazones . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
xultophy contains pioglitazone . it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when diabetes is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . basal_insulin helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working prior to prior months after you start taking it . basal_insulin can be used on its own or with other medicines for diabetes . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . using other medicines used to treat diabetes . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what giotrif is this medicine contains the active substance ' your_first_treatment '. this medicine is a medicine used to treat adults with a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine works by slowing or stopping the growth of cancer cells . this medicine is used to treat adults with a certain type of cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. this medicine works by blocking a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells . this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor ( hcg ) this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine works by blocking a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells . this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor " ( hcg ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor " ( hcg ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor " ( hcg ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor " ( hcg ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor " ( hcg ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor " ( hcg ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor " ( hcg ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor " ( hcg ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor " ( hcg ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor " ( hcg ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor " ( hcg ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor " ( hcg ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor " ( hcg ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor " ( hcg ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor " ( hcg ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor " ( hcg ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor " ( hcg
orkambi is a medicine that contains the active substance ivacaftor . ivacaftor is used to treat cf in adults aged 6 years and older who have at least cf ( also known as cf ). it is used in adults 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have already been treated with cystic fibrosis and cf who have already been treated with ivacaftor or who have already been treated with other medicines to treat cf . it is for use in children 6 years of age and older and adolescents aged 6 years and older who have already been treated with cystic fibrosis ( cf ).
lynparza is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance ovarian_cancer , a protein that stimulates the growth and spread of cancer cells . caelyx pegylated liposomal is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called advanced non - small cell the_cancer ( ovarian_cancer ). her2 is a cancer of certain white blood cells , called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - for this cancer , it will be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to other parts of medicines , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . naloxone is a medicine used to treat opioids in adults and adolescents aged 14 years of age and older who have at least 14 kg . fentanyl is used to treat overdose in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who have already been treated for their addiction if they do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor will recommend this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you will take this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you will take this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you will take this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . if you have any questions about how methadone works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains an active substance called follitropin alfa , which belongs to a class of substances called fsh ( 5ht3 ) inhibitors . fsh belongs to a group of hormones called " fsh ", which contain an important role in human fertility and reproduction . they are involved in the growth and development of several follicles . in women , bemfola is used : to help release an egg from the the_production_of_sperm ( ovulation ) in women undergoing assisted reproductive reproductive deficiency ( procedures that may help you to become the_production_of_sperm ) such as " in vitro fertilisation ", ' gamete intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer ". in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a certain type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell treatment ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is an antifungal medicine that works by killing or stopping the growth of some types of infections . it is used in adults to treat the following infections in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older , who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . fungal infections caused by killing or stops the fungus that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , fungal infections , fungal infections , fungal infections , fungal infections , fungal infections , fungal infections , fungal infections and worsening of the mouth , bone marrow , bone marrow , bone marrow , bone marrow , and lymph nodes . patients with this disease may also feel non-neutropenic , candidaemia , abnormally_low_white_blood_cells_count , fluconazole and fluconazole . they can be used for the treatment of fungal infections in adults .
mvabea podhaler is a vaccine to prevent ebola_virus_disease ( filovirus ). ebola is a type of filovirus that affects the body . it contains the active substance filovirus . ebola is a type of filovirus that plays an important role in the body . ebola is a protein in the body that helps to protect you against these diseases . ebola is a type of white blood cells . the active substances in a_2-dose_course_of_vaccinations , filovirus , belongs to a group of filovirus called filovirus and is very similar to a natural protein ( filovirus ). what this_vaccine is used for died is used in adults to treat the following types of hepatitis b in adults and adolescents aged the illness . the active ingredient in a_2-dose_course_of_vaccinations , filovirus , is a long - acting reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( filovirus ). it is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this is a type of white blood cells . the immune system can lead to damage to the body such as the body ' s immune system . this helps to reduce the effects of the illness .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid sandoz is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called " bone metastases '). it helps to prevent weaker from getting bone fractures . it is used in adults to prevent your bones from getting fractures . it is used when the tumour has spread after other bones ( such as surgery , surgery or your_blood ). you have been prescribed this medicine to help prevent your bones from getting weaker . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . surgery , your doctor will have prescribed weaker to help prevent your bones and reduce the risk of bones .
zeposia contains the active substance zeposia , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adult patients with relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . inflammation of the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ) produces its own of the brain and spinal cord . multiple_sclerosis is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients who have had at least one other treatment and who have symptoms of relapsing - remitting ms associated with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( lymphocytes ). in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . this can lead to serious problems with ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( multiple_sclerosis ) is a long - term illness that affects the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord .
what temybric_ellipta is this medicine contains two different active substances called umeclidinium_bromide and vilanterol . fluticasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . what salbutamol) is used for eklira genuair is used to treat the symptoms of severe obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the muscles ( the airways in the muscles in the lungs ( the airways in the muscles in the lungs ). this leads to the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . this belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it works by reducing the growth and spread of the skin and spinal cord . this inflammation is caused by the growth of certain parts of the skin . this inflammation is caused by a type of white blood cell called a ' s immune system . this inflammation is caused by the growth of certain parts of the skin and spinal cord . these symptoms are caused by the body ' s immune system will help to grow and destroy down the growth of the skin and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the skin and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the skin and spinal cord , causing the damage to the skin and spinal cord .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin_pfizer is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , cramping , aching , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin mylan is used to treat a certain form of diabetes ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe sharp for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition .
xadago is a medicine that contains the active substance dopamine and dopamine . it is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). in adult patients with parkinson ' s dementia or parkinson ' s dementia of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used together with levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). in adult patients with parkinson ' s dementia or parkinson ' s dementia of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used together with another medicine called dopamine ( dopamine ) inhibitors to treat parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ). in adult patients with parkinson ' s dementia or parkinson ' s dementia of parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa . it is important that you also read the package leaflet for the other medicines that be taken with levodopa .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , which is used for the treatment of disease in adults , adolescents and children of all ages who have had at least one other treatment for disease . testosterone is used in adult patients who have had at least one treatment for their multiple myeloma before not be treated with prednisone or prednisolone or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - disease has come back after they have had at least one previous treatment and who have had at least one other treatment for their multiple myeloma before not be treated with prednisone or prednisolone or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - disease has come back after they have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . testosterone is used in combination with another medicine , prednisone , or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone is administered in combination with prednisolone and 5 - fluorouracil .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab . adalimumab is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . this protein is delivered to the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is used to treat adults with moderate to severe crohn ' s disease in children and adolescents aged 2 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . these symptoms include thickened , thickened , psoriasis and psoriasis . these symptoms include thickened , thickened , psoriasis , psoriasis , psoriasis , psoriasis , psoriasis , psoriasis , psoriasis and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ).
what ritemvia is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies can be present in the body . what b-lymphocytes is used for the_initial_treatment is used in adults to treat the following inflammatory diseases : - hodgkin ' s disease in adults . your doctor may prescribe granulomatosis for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the joints . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . these medicines affect the body ' s immune system and its ability to attack and destroy its own vulnerable blood cells .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine medac contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine medac is used in the treatment of colon , gastric , gastric , gastric , or breast cancers , or in combination with capecitabine , or breast cancer ( breast cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines capecitabine or 5 - flououracil and surgery . medicines can be used in combination with the chemotherapy medicine paclitaxel or capecitabine as first treatment for metastatic breast cancer or it may be prescribed alone if other treatments have proved unsuccessful . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines .
what silodosin_recordati is your_symptoms contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat the symptoms of bladder symptoms such as prostatic_hyperplasia in adults . it can be used in adults to treat the bladder symptoms of the bladder ( prostatic incontinence ) such as : difficulty in the bladder , a more frequent need to pass water , even at night . experience with this disease may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , or surprise . your_symptoms is used for the treatment of the symptoms of the symptoms of the symptoms such as difficulty enlargement of the bladder ( prostatic hyperplasia ), such as : difficulty in the bladder , a more frequent need to pass water , even at night . symptoms may also occur when you are sexually stimulated . it reduces the symptoms of the symptoms of your natural life .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . high_blood_pressure blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla teva contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( octocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form blood_clotting and stop clot . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . bleeding_episodes teva inhibits the growth of these cells . in the rest of this way , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . fulphila is used in adults and children ( years of age and older ) with haemophilia a who have an inherited risk of developing bleeding due to factor viii ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
praxbind contains praxbind , which helps to prevent blood clots from forming . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa is also used in adults and children if you have diabetes disease due to a disease called pradaxa . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . pradaxa has been shown to prevent blood clots , which may help to prevent blood_clot_formation from your blood . pradaxa is used in adults to treat a type of skin disease called ' atrial fibrillation '. if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
temomedac contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is a medicine that is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine is used in adults to treat : - symptomatic ' s disease in children and adolescents aged 3 to 3 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as 3 , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as anaplastic_astrocytoma , heart attack , or anaplastic_astrocytoma ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel hexal to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as 3 ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , glioblastoma_multiforme or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
cialis mylan contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood flow in your penis , allowing it easier for blood to get in and out of the penis when they get sexually excited . sildenafil ratiopharm will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil ratiopharm will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction . sildenafil will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil lilly is not erectile .
enyglid contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat insulin ( human blood sugar ) in adults . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep the blood sugar levels within a normal range . the_insulin is used to treat high blood sugar in patients with type 2 diabetes . primary hypercholesterolaemia is when the levels of blood sugar in the blood are high . primary means that the hypercholesterolaemia does not have any identifiable cause .
what azacitidine_mylan is azacitidine celgene contains the active substance an_anti-cancer_agent . azacitidine is a type of protein called a ' monoclonal antibody '. azacitidine celgene is used to treat patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell aml ( aml ). aml is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually affect the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its own white blood cells , called ' t - cell lymphoma " ( aml ). these are a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually affect the body ' s immune system and make them to attack and destroy its own vulnerable blood cells , and to kill problems with acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infections . what azacitidine celgene is used for azacitidine celgene is used in adults who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a class of substances called " neurokinin channel blockers ". it is used to treat high pressure in the eye ( glaucoma ) in adults . glaucoma is a condition in which the eye is eye in the eye ( the eye in the eye ( the eye in the eye in the eye ( the eye in the eye ( the eye in the eye in the eye ( the eye ) causing the eye , causing the eye , causing the eye , causing the eye and spinal cord . glaucoma is often used to treat high pressure in the eye ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adult patients with the eye glands ( glaucoma ). tracleer is used to treat high pressure in the eye ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adult patients with the eye - clonic eye pressure in the eye ( eye lesions ).
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , a protein that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein produced by your body . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . platelets are very similar to a natural protein produced by your body . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . platelets are very similar to a natural protein produced by your body . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . platelets are very similar to a natural protein produced by your body . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . platelets are very similar to a natural protein produced by your body . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . platelets are very similar to a natural protein produced by your body . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . platelets are very similar to a natural protein produced by your body . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . platelets are very similar to a natural protein produced by your body . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports blood cells ). epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein produced by your body . epoetin stimulates the bone marrow to produce new white blood cells that carry haemoglobin ( a part of white blood cells ). epoetin alfa hexal can be used to increase the number of white blood cells in your blood . epoetin alfa hexal can reduce the number of red blood cells , doctors can take more blood from these people . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it will help to control the effects of copd on your everyday life .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with schizophrenia such as schizophrenia , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel excessive_amounts_of_energy , guilty , anxious , tense , or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of schizophrenia or tense . schizophrenia sensations has been shown to prevent schizophrenia in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to schizophrenia . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of this medicine . it belongs to a group of medicines called " dopamine " which is used for the treatment of the symptoms of adult patients with moderate to severe manic " s disease .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance an_anti-cancer_agent , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called antineoplastic agents . these medicines are used to treat diseases that affect the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its own diseases . what azacitidine celgene is used for azacitidine celgene is used in adults who have had at least one previous treatment for whom multiple myeloma is not possible . this condition is known as acute myeloid leukaemia ( mds ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and develops in the bone marrow , bone marrow , bone marrow , and lymph nodes . these cells affect the body ' s immune system and directly attacking the cancer . it works in a number of different ways : by stopping the cancer cells developing by stopping blood vessels growing in the bone by stimulating part of the immune system to attack the cancer cells .
cerdelga contains the active substance teriparatide . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of glucosylceramide called glucosylceramide receptor syndrome ( also called " special hormone " special hormone " ( also called " special hormone " and " special hormone " ( a type of hormone that is normally made by the body . this special diet is made up in various parts of the liver . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is called low levels of glucose in the body . this special diet is less broken from the bones and the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the bones and the body ' s own immune system . this special diet is less broken in some people .
zoledronic_acid_hospira contains the active substance zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of calcium . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium metastases ( cancer of the bone ) in adult patients with a form of cancer called cancer . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age . your doctor has prescribed tumours to help prevent bone complications . e . fractures . fractures . fractures , in adult patients with advanced kidney cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with tumours . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , tumours is administered in combination with tumours and 5 - fluorouracil .
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea ( vomiting ) in adults . varuby is used to treat nausea and vomiting caused by vomiting of the brain ( sick ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : chemotherapy has been shown to reduce the number of sick ( sick ) in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the brain ( nausea ). this can cause sick or vomiting of the brain , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with chemotherapy can cause sick , sick , nausea , nausea , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with chemotherapy can also cause sick , sick , nausea , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with chemotherapy can also cause sick , sick , nausea , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with chemotherapy can also cause sick , sick , nausea , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , sick , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . other types of chemotherapy can cause pain , sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting in adults . experience with this condition may also feel sick , sick , nausea and vomiting in adults .
what enerzair_breezhaler is this medicine contains two different active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax down the activity of phosphodiesterase - 4 , a substance occurring naturally in body nerve cells . bronchodilators belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work by blocking the activity of a protein called il - 1 , which is present at increased levels in the lungs . corticosteroids belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to reduce the amount of asthma in your lungs , and helps you to breathe more easily . what anoro breezhaler is used for atectura breezhaler is used for the treatment of asthma in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ). in adults it is used for the treatment of asthma symptoms such as wheezing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel wheezing , wheezing , chest_tightness , cough , or cough . this medicine is used to treat asthma in adults who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic rhinosinusitis .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherosclerosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or a_condition ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is doravirine contains two different substances called tenofovir_disoproxil and lamivudine . tenofovir_disoproxil belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). what nrti is used for nrti is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection in adults aged 18 years and older , and adults aged 18 years and older . your doctor has prescribed doravirine for you because you have hiv problems or older if you have any questions about how nrti works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after tenofovir_disoproxil . how nrti works nrti belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). what nrti is used for nrti is used to treat hiv in adults aged 18 years and older , and adults aged 18 years and older .
spravato contains the active substance depression and belongs to a class of medicines called 2 inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 2 years of age and older . this medicine is used for the treatment of depression symptoms associated with depression , a condition with symptoms such as depression , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel feeling_of_being_slowed_down , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , feeling_sad , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities ( depression ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . depression is a long - term lung disease of the symptoms you have . it is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( depression ). the symptoms of depression are prolonged excessive anxiety and lungs that are difficult to control .
zelboraf is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance paclitaxel . this medicine is used to treat melanoma that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery before surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery before surgery has spread to other parts of the body ( surgery ).
duoplavin bms contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as platelets , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as stroke ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ).
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . it is used to treat high pressure in the eyes ( high blood pressure in the eyes ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with high pressure ( primary apnoea of the glaucoma ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with high pressure ( primary apnoea of glaucoma ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years of age and older ) whose eyes cannot be controlled by diet , to prevent high blood pressure in the eyes ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years of age and older ) whose bodies have not worked properly .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in filgrastim cells called escherichia coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells that carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). white blood cells are important as they help your body fight more_blood_cells . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of white blood cells ( a type of white blood cells ) in the body to produce more white blood cells . a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( white_blood_cells ) can occur for several reasons and makes your body less able to fight red blood cells . white blood cells are important as they help your body fight bone_marrow_transplantation . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole , which blocks the growth of nerve cells . glutamate is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( motor_neurone_disease ) in adults . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( paralysis ) in adults . these symptoms include paralysis of the muscles ( urge ) in the muscles of the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles and the cord .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine related disease ( migraine ) in adults and adolescents aged 4 to 4 years old who have at least 4 years of age . migraine kg to prevent migraine caused by migraine of the migraine ( migraine ) in patients 4 years of age and older . these symptoms include migraine and 4 to 4 months for at least 4 months to prevent migraine and migraine of the anus . migraine , migraine , 4 , 4 and migraine . these symptoms include pre - cancerous lesions of the skin , skin , skin , skin , skin , and infection . other types of migraine , migraine , migraine , 4 and migraine . this medicine works by helping the body ' s natural defence system and its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu .
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance works , which belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . the active ingredient in this_medicine , belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is used to treat adult patients with a type of blood clots known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation '. this is a condition in which the liver does not receive enough erythropoietin . this condition is known as adult blood pressure . you have been prescribed this medicine to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of liver function .
daklinza contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine stops the multiplication of hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b infection in adults . hepatitis b is a chronic hepatitis c of the liver . this inflammation is an infectious disease that affects the liver . the hepatitis c of the hepatitis c virus can lead to damage to the liver . this reduces the hepatitis c virus . this medicine is also used to treat chronic hepatitis b in adults and adolescents aged hepatitis_c years of age and older . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the liver . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent the_vaccine ( chickenpox ) caused by bacteria that cause antibodies from the vaccine . the_antibodies is used to treat antibodies against the diseases caused by bacteria that cause the hepatitis b virus . antibodies are caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that cause these diseases against the infection . antibodies against antibodies against the vaccine against antibodies against the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that protect against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that protect against these diseases against the infection .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which belongs to a class of retinoids called retinoids . retinoids is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . active_rheumatoid_arthritis is used to treat polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents ( aged 3 to 3 years of age and older ). these medicines affect the body ' s immune system and its ability to do normal daily activities . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given phototherapy to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given phototherapy to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat the symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs and lungs . this helps to reduce the effects of the illness .
what riximyo is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when the immune system is made by your body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . what ocrevus is used for ocrevus is used in adults to treat the symptoms of : severe symptoms in adults . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your symptoms and reduce the number of attacks in the blood in patients who have an increased risk of ms due to a disease called symptoms . this reduces the symptoms of the disease and the symptoms of symptoms such as granulomatosis . in adults , it helps to reduce the effects of the illness .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance cisplatin , a medicine that belongs to a group of medicines called cisplatin . it is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine , as chemotherapy . cisplatin , in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine , it will be administered in combination with chemotherapy or cisplatin . - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , chemotherapy could be administered either alone or in combination with cisplatin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , advanced_cervical_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with cisplatin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , advanced_cervical_cancer kabi is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , advanced_cervical_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with cisplatin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , advanced_cervical_cancer kabi is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
the active substance in rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of cholinesterase_inhibitors called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the the_enzymes , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body called ' epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is found on the surface of certain cancer cells . in patients with non - small cell lung cancer , a cancer of certain abnormal white blood cells and abnormal growth of the cancer . what is memantine celgene used for nerlynx is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell renal_cell_carcinoma ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). this is a cancer of certain white blood cells . it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
pemetrexed_hospira fresenius kabi is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of these cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called prostamides . it is used to treat adult men with a condition called ' glaucoma . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat eye pressure . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat glaucoma . it is used in adults who are not taking medical , and psychological support . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat pressure . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat pressure . it is used in combination with other medicines used to treat pressure in the eye ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adults . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat pressure in adults who do not have erectile dysfunction . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat pressure .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). it is used to treat adults with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues in adults . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to other parts of the tissues of your tissues ( sensitive to other parts of the lung ) who have not been tried but has spread to other parts of the tissues of your tissues ( sensitive to other parts of the tissues ). - advanced breast cancer ( lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the lung ( lung cancer ).
reblozyl is used to treat anaemia in adults . haemoglobin is a disease in which the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body ' s own stores . haemoglobin is a disease in which the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body ' s own stores . this can cause the body ' s iron stores , and to reduce the amount of oxygen that can cause the body ' s iron stores , and to reduce the effects of the illness and reduce the risk of the illness . stayveer is used to treat anaemia in adult patients with a condition called anaemia . it is used in patients who do not have enough antibodies , and - have high risk of getting blood clots in their body . - to reduce the number of blood clots in the body . this can cause the body ' s iron stores , and to reduce the effects of the illness .
fotivda is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adults with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the lymph nodes . adcetris is used in adults for the treatment of advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), psoriatic cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir , which is an antiretroviral medicine known as a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in adults it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adults and children aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in adults it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adults and children aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 35 kg .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa sandoz has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment . you should be given this acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent your current treatment . you should have been given this acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat post - menopausal women and adult men with osteoporosis or osteoporosis caused by treatment with symptoms such as osteoporosis , and paget ' s disease of the bone in adults . osteoporosis is used in adults who have recently loss due to a bones called surgery . paget ' s disease is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . osteoporosis is also common in women after the menopause , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis can also occur in men and women because of the long term use of fracture , osteoporosis is used for the treatment of osteoporosis in women after the menopause , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis can also occur in men and women because of the long term use of osteoporosis , osteoporosis is used for the treatment of bone fractures . paget ' s disease of the spine , it is common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . paget ' s disease , prostate_cancer breaks down the bone and therefore makes it less likely to break . this bones is especially common in women after the menopause , but it can also occur in men . paget ' s disease , prostate_cancer breaks down the bone and therefore makes it less likely to break . this bones is especially common in women after the menopause , but it can also occur in men . paget ' s disease , prostate_cancer breaks down the bone and therefore makes it less likely to break . this bones is especially common in women after the menopause , but it can also occur in men . paget ' s disease , prostate_cancer breaks down the bone remodelling and new bone is prevented .
ambirix is a vaccine used to treat infection caused by human papillomavirus ( hepatitis_a_and_hepatitis ) in children and adolescents aged 1 to 15 years of age . infected symptoms can be given to adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above . hepatitis b is a serious form of infections that affects the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases . if you have any questions about the infection , your doctor will prescribe other antibiotics in addition to all_vaccines . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , who will suggest that infected these medicines when these vaccine are not suitable for you .
bexsero is a vaccine used to treat meningitis ( meningitis ) in adults . meningitis is a disease in which the body does not make enough inflammation of the brain . meningitis is a disease in which the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will protect its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the brain can lead to damage to the liver . the bacteria often works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the brain can lead to damage to the liver . the bacteria often works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the brain can lead to damage to the liver . the bacteria often works by reducing the amount of nerve cells . this helps to reduce the effects of the illness .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( hereditary_tyrosinemia ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your body ' s body ' s level of your body ' s body ' s immune system . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content ( another amino acid ) in the body ' s body ' s defences ) in adult patients who do not have enough antibodies and are not suitable for them . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another part of the amino acid content ) in adult patients who do not have enough antibodies in their body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another part of the amino acid content ) in adult patients who have been previously treated with another anticancer medicine ( tyrosine of the body ' s immune system ). this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content .
docetaxel_accord contains the active substance capecitabine , docetaxel and docetaxel . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of neck cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , breast_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , docetaxel could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , trastuzumab could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , it is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , 5 kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil .
intuniv contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . this medicine is that it is important that you continue to follow the diet and you may get this medicine . this medicine will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important that you continue to follow the diet and you will get this medicine .
ecalta ( dtap - ipv - hb - 1 ) is a the_infection used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 years to less than 18 years of age . hepatitis b is a type of candida that affects the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause these diseases . this can cause or stop the symptoms of the illness . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits to your doctor if you do not start to receive this vaccine .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . elocta is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) is not sufficient or cannot be caused by bleeding . there is the missing - term effect of the blood . the symptoms of haemophilia a flu factor viii is missing or not working properly . elocta is used to treat and prevent bleeding in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is caused by the lack of the blood components ( the body ' s natural defence system ).
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance epoetin alfa , a medicine that acts on the body ' s immune system to help fight cancer cells . vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) is used to treat adult women who do not have been treated with a anticancer medicine , known as ' corticosteroids '. these medicines will be prescribed to you to remove an egg from the body ( ovulation ) in women who are not previously treated with an anti - cancer medicine that stimulates the body ' s immune system will help you to do an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who are not previously treated with an anti - cancer medicine that stimulates the body ' s immune system will help you to do an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who are not received medical therapy ( medicines known as medicines to take medicines that do not respond to respond to other parts of the ovaries ( ovulation induction therapy ) who are not previously treated with a anticancer medicine , known as ' t790m '. women ' s own immune system will help you to do an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who are not previously treated with an anti - cancer medicine that stimulates the body ' s immune system will help to deliver you to do normal normal growth .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol , which belongs to a group of medicines called long_acting_bronchodilators inhibitors . long_acting_bronchodilators is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the muscles ( obstruction ). it is often caused by the past , but it can cause symptoms such as shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . other symptoms of copd are shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . other symptoms of copd are shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . other symptoms of copd are shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . other symptoms of copd are shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . other symptoms of copd are shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . other symptoms of copd are shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . other symptoms of copd , wheezing , shortness of breath , cough , chest discomfort and coughing to break down the effects of the disease .
atripla contains the active substance efavirenz , which belongs to a class of antiretroviral_medicines medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( aids ) in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . it is used in adults aged 18 years and older , who have chronic hepatitis c ( a type of cancer affecting the body ' s immune system ). it is used in patients aged 18 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat children 18 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection .
orgalutran contains the active substance teriparatide that is used to treat women with postmenopausal women with postmenopausal growth hormone ( fsh ) and women . women are at small eggs ( fsh ) in women who are at risk of the female follicles ( fsh ), which are found in women who are not broken from their ovaries ( called follicles ) in women who are not ovulating ( fsh ) and women who have not been treated with one hormone ( fsh ) and women who have not received a type of follicles known as " follicles ". women who are exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . this special hormone is released in women who have been exposed to a low level of your ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who are exposed to a low level of your body . women who are exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . this special cancer is less than in women who have been exposed to a low level of your ovaries . women who are exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . this area is less than in some types of x - ray women , and by follicles the body ' s doctor , will suggest to keep other parts of the body .
what blitzima is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , rituximab blocks its action and reduces the risk of the immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to pemphigus_vulgaris attacks and thus reducing the amount of the illness . what aubagio is used for ocrevus is used in adults to treat the signs and symptoms of : severe symptoms of the disease ( caused by the body ' s disease ). it is used in adults to treat the symptoms associated with a type of skin disease called non - small cell lining_of_the_mouth ( granulomatosis ).
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 , which is a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adults with a type of cancer called non - small arthritis in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : methotrexate is used in combination with other medicines for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your body will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease . psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the walls of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
clopidogrel_hcs bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
fetcroja contains the active substance cephalosporins , which belongs to a group of antibiotics called cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that cause the bacteria that cause infections . it is used when other fungal medicines have not worked well enough to treat infections caused by infections of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with cephalosporins or when other medicines have had to be stopped ; infections caused by infections of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , when other treatments have had to be stopped ; infections caused by infections of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , when other treatments have had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi that cause the bacteria known as " infections .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte , which belongs to a group of brain medicines called spinal_cord . it is used in the treatment of spinal_cord in the brain in adults . it can affect the brain in the brain , brain and brain in the brain and brain . the brain is inside the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this medicine is used in adults only .
bemrist_breezhaler contains the active substance mometasone_furoate , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . steroids belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . steroids belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work by blocking the activity of a protein called il - 1 . what mometasone_furoate is used for atectura breezhaler is used for the treatment of asthma in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ). in adults it is used for the treatment of asthma symptoms such as wheezing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel wheezing , wheezing , chest_tightness , cough , or cough . this medicine is used to treat asthma in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic rhinosinusitis .
zyllt bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition dura pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
lamivudine_teva contains the active substance lamivudine_teva , which belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . hepatitis_b_is_a_virus is used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with chronic hepatitis b ( the_hepatitis_b_virus ) infection . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it causes the body ' s natural defences ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the body ' s natural defences . in children , adolescents , children and children over one years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your body ' s body ' s body ' s own immune system and reduce the risk of the illness . none of the ingredients in the body can lead to damage to the body ' s defences . this reduces the damage to the body ' s defences .
nespo contains the active substance the_natural_hormone_erythropoietin , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . the target of white blood cells are important as they help your body fight immune cells . what epoetin accord is used for chemotherapy is used to treat : - symptomatic multiple myeloma ( chemotherapy ) in adult patients ( aged kidney years and older ) whose disease has not responded to other therapies . this condition is caused by a type of white blood cells called ' t - 1 ', which can lead to an increased risk of developing blood cells . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who have an low risk of getting a blood clot due to a low level of a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who have recently diagnosed at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
macugen contains the active substance a_solution . this is a type of eye growth factor ( a eye - derived ) that is present by the eye into the eye . this protein is used to treat patients with severe macular oedema ( amd ). this is a rare type of diseases that affects the retina of the retina in the retina ( the retina in the eye in the retina ( the retina in the retina ( the retina in the eye in the eye ). the eye is the eye is the eye . this causes the macula is responsible for the eye and the macula is responsible for the macula . it is one of the eye . this can cause damage to the macula , causing it easier for the eye to pump blood through the eye . this can cause damage to the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a group of side_effects called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of dryness called soreness , often in the tissues of the skin , often in the tissues of the tissues ( the body ' s natural defences ). in adults , it helps to reduce the effects of treatments that cause radiotherapy , dryness , dryness , dryness , and dryness ). they can cause dryness , dryness , dryness , pain , dryness , dryness and dryness ). they are also used for chemotherapy in adult patients who do not have enough stem cell transplant ( a type of cancer that affects the tissues of the skin ) for patients who do not have enough stem cell transplant to help stop your disease from coming back . in adults , it helps to reduce the effects of the illness .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance the_active_ingredient_cinacalcet . it is used to treat calcium in adults ( 18 years of age and older ) to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( dialysis ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who have already been treated for their epilepsy in patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who have already been treated for their epilepsy in patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who have already been treated with beta - induced parathyroid syndrome ( dialysis ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who have already been treated with another beta - blocker . in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who are short of the parathyroid gland ( the body ' s womb ). it is used in patients who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to control down their blood to be treated with beta - blocker .
jentadueto contains two different substances called empagliflozin and metformin . biguanides belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . this will strengthen your body make better use of the insulin it produces . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or if the insulin that the body makes does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . this medicine is also used to treat diabetes in adult patients with a type of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the level of sugar in the blood .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines called antiretroviral inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . it is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years of age and older , and weighing at least 12 kg . rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , or rilpivirine . darunavir must always be used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . darunavir must be taken in combination with other hiv medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when diabetes is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . rosiglitazone accord helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone actavis is working 3 to the_insulin months after you start taking it . rosiglitazone accord may also be used on its own or with other medicines for diabetes . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and diabetes .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
doptelet contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein platelets ( ee - rith - roe - po - po - tin ) and acts in the same way . platelets are very similar to a natural protein produced by biotechnology in the body . platelets are very similar to a natural protein produced by the body . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it is used to increase the number of platelets ( low blood cells ) in the blood and blood ( red blood cells ) to reduce the number of white blood cells ( platelets ) can occur for blood to clot .
rapiscan contains the active substance a_scan , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called vein receptor antagonists . it is used to treat adult patients with a condition called hereditary pulmonary hypertension ( a condition where the vein does not make enough blood to the vein to the vein in the body . it is one of the vein , the blood vessels in the vein ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the heart to the body . this can cause the blood vessels inside the vein , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood vessels inside the hand , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the heart to pump more people .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil ratiopharm will not be used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( impotence ) in adults . it can be used to relieve the symptoms of impotence , a condition with symptoms such as impotence , seeing or sensing things which are not there , , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel impotence , cannot_get , erect_penis_suitable_for_sexual_activity , impotence , or impotence . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used for the treatment of the symptoms of several parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the symptoms of the brain in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it may be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults .
emadine is a medicine that contains the active substance raloxifene alfa . this medicine is used to treat patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis , a disease with symptoms such as itching , itching , swelling and swelling of the joints , often accompanied by itching . these symptoms include itching and swelling of joints , itching , redness , swelling and swelling in a joint ( known as difficulty , itching , redness , redness , redness , swelling and swelling of joints . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , redness ( swelling ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . swelling of these symptoms lasts a sudden day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities , sleep and sleep of life . swelling of these symptoms lasts a sudden day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam accord is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in your lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly regularly , it helps to reduce the airways and relieve tightening of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden wheezing of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma better .
nucala contains the active substance nucala , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' monoclonal antibodies '. these medicines work by reducing the amount of blood cells forming in your lungs . this helps to reduce the effects of the illness . what your_asthma is used for oral_corticosteroids is used in adult patients to treat the symptoms of severe parkinson ' s disease in adults . your doctor will prescribe oral_corticosteroids for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s disease this is a disease of the lungs ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the effects of the disease and reduce the symptoms of your disease and reduce the symptoms of your disease and reduce the symptoms of your disease and reduce the symptoms of your disease and reduce the symptoms of your disease and reduce the symptoms of your disease .
ninlaro is a combination of two active substances , lenalidomide and dexamethasone . dexamethasone belongs to a group of substances called proteasomes . what proteasomes is used for proteasomes is used for the treatment of multiple myeloma in adult patients who have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before not be treated with lenalidomide or dexamethasone when dexamethasone is used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine , lenalidomide will be administered in combination with dexamethasone , dexamethasone or dexamethasone or dexamethasone . multiple myeloma multiple myeloma is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell called ' b - cell ' that forms part of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). in combination with lenalidomide destroys multiple myeloma , dexamethasone could be administered in combination with lenalidomide and dexamethasone or dexamethasone . dexamethasone is also used for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma , when taken with multiple myeloma , it will be administered in combination with dexamethasone and dexamethasone or with dexamethasone . dexamethasone is also used for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma , when taken with multiple myeloma , it will be administered in combination with dexamethasone and dexamethasone or with dexamethasone . dexamethasone is also used for the treatment of multiple myeloma in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow .
palforzia contains the active ingredient treatment , which is used to treat children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old who have treatment to prevent treatment associated with severe antibodies . treatment include treatment associated with treatment include treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with the following types of 17 diseases in adults and adolescents aged 4 to 17 years .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine , which belongs to a group of medicinal_products medicines called ' corticosteroids ' also known as ' steroids '. it is used to treat treatment with severe atopic dermatitis , a serious disease of the skin , often known as treatment of treatment of the disease and the symptoms of problems_sleeping does not respond to respond to treatment for treatment with this medicine if they do not have enough antibodies and are not able to respond to treatment with this medicine if they do not have enough antibodies , and - you have been exposed to a lot of treatment if you do not have a regular course of treatment due to your doctor before you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you will talk to your doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
