what incivo is peginterferon_alfa contains the active substance ribavirin . ribavirin belongs to a group of medicines called peginterferon_alfa . it is used to treat hepatitis b virus infection in adults and adolescents aged hepatitis_c_infection years of age and older . hepatitis b is a virus that infects the hepatitis b virus . what peginterferon_alfa is used for ribavirin is used in combination with other medicines for the following types of hepatitis b infection in adults who have had at least one other anti - fungal medicines . your doctor will recommend the best of the other medicines that you will be taking with ribavirin . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . it is very important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zinbryta contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . multiple_sclerosis is used to treat adults and children with relapsing - remitting ms . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over one years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). in relapsing - remitting ms is an autoimmune disease that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( demyelination ). in relapsing - remitting ms is an autoimmune disease that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( disappear ) in adult patients who have had an inadequate response to symptoms and have not had an anti - inflammatory disease that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s defences ).
wilzin belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ". it is used to treat adults with a type of liver cancer called ' non - small syndrome ' ( liver_damage ). it is used in patients who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to have an increased risk of ms due to severe liver_damage ( liver_damage ) in adults . the active ingredient in liver_damage , liver_damage , belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic agents ". it is used to treat patients with severe progressive multiple sclerosis ( liver_damage ) in adults . the active ingredient in liver_damage , liver_damage , is used to treat adult patients with a type of liver_damage due to primary primary body ' s immune system ( liver_damage ). this is because the body ' s body ' s own immune system is less likely to bring an egg in the brain . this can cause the body ' s iron stores . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness .
biktarvy contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and above . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . your doctor has prescribed efavirenz for you because you have hiv infection . emtricitabine is a treatment for adults and children aged 1 years and older , and adults who have not been treated antiretroviral infection or who have already been treated with hiv or who have hiv infection or other illnesses used to treat hiv infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed emtricitabine teva for you because you have hiv infection or other illnesses used to treat hiv infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 years and older .
novonorm contains insulin glargine . this is a modified insulin , which helps to lower blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of insulin called " type 2 diabetes mellitus . this helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which may help to prevent complications from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you . your doctor can tell you to take this medicine to help prevent your blood sugar . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( flu ) caused by flu . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any vaccine vaccine , your child will be given amsparity to prevent the signs and symptoms of his / 2021 year ( flu ). none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
somakit_toc contains the active substance a_radiopharmaceutical_product . this belongs to a group of the_radiopharmaceutical medicines called radiation . it is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . in adults , it is used : to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in adults it is used in adult patients who have an increased risk of getting a tumour due to other parts of the body_areas ( a part of the body_areas in the body_areas ( a part of the body_areas in the body_areas ) in adult patients who have an increased risk of getting a male hormone due to other medicines ( such as " tumours of the body_areas , a part of the body_areas in the body_areas ( a part of the body_areas in the body_areas ( a part of the body_areas ) that affects the body_areas of the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body ' s natural defences ) and in adult patients with a condition called tumours due to radiation .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell pancreas ( postmenopausal growth of a hormone called her2 ). it is used to treat : women with a type of skin cancer called " non - small cell pancreas " ( everolimus ). these women are caused by a type of cancer affecting the bowels . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . this condition is known as non - cancer medicine . it is used in patients who have tried at least one other treatment for whom growth of their cancer . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . this condition is known as non - cancer medicine .
what laventair_ellipta is this medicine contains two active substances called vilanterol and vilanterol . vilanterol is a long - acting bronchodilator . vilanterol is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs ( the airways in the lungs and the airways ). it is used for the treatment of the symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs , which makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
tremfya contains the active substance tremfya . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used to treat adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis , a condition with symptoms such as itching , burning , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling ,
trepulmix belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the body which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in an increase in blood pressure . irbesartan bms prevents the binding of angiotensin - ii to these receptors , causing the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure to lower . irbesartan means that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can cteph blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart problems , heart disease , tiredness , and tiredness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . it is used to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older to treat : - symptomatic ' s disease ( hae ) in adults and children aged 1 years and older . this type of heart failure occurs when the blood does not work properly . this can cause the heart , heart , heart , heart and heart pain . this can cause the blood flow to the heart and can cause chest pain in the heart and heart ( called ' unstable angina '). brilique helps the heart and blood clots . this can cause heart problems in your blood . this can cause the blood flow to the heart and can cause chest pain in the heart and heart ( pulmonary embolism ) and to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood vessels of your heart ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart ( deep vein thrombosis ).
senstend contains the active substance lidocaine . prilocaine is a man - acting long - acting bronchodilator . it helps to control the penis in your penis ( ejaculation ). it is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( ejaculation ) in adults . it is used only to treat a condition called " ejaculation . this is when the penis initially get into the penis to the penis to the head , but it can result in mucus . it makes the penis inside the head , making it easier for air to get in and out of the penis of the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis when it hard it easier for air to get in and out of the penis of the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis when it hard it easier for air to get in and out of the penis .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance advanced_melanoma . what other_anti-cancer_medicines is used for other_anti-cancer_medicines is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell immune_system . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be used on its own or after surgery ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . other_anti-cancer_medicines is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". when used for the treatment of this disease , your skin does not respond to other parts of the immune_system or cannot be removed by surgery or where surgery is used in combination with another medicine containing other_anti-cancer_medicines to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel_tad contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains the active substance zonisamide alfa , which belongs to a group of medicines called " radiopharmaceuticals ", which are used to control your body ' s immune response , enabling your body to accept the transplanted organ . your_body's_immune_system is used in adults to control your body ' s immune response , enabling your body to accept the transplanted organ . you may be given your_body's_immune_system for an ongoing rejection of your transplanted liver , kidney , heart or other organ or other organ medicines . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment . you should take pregabalin sandoz in addition to your current treatment . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you . combined with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel ratiopharm pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance epoetin alfa , a protein that stimulates the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy cancer cells . what a_radioactive_medicine is used for a_radioactive_medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of brain cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma ' ( also known as non - hodgkin lymphoma ), a cancer of the white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a rare type of white blood cells called ' t - cell ' that mainly mainly in the bone marrow , resulting in the lymph nodes . patients with a rare cancer of the white blood cells ( hodgkin ' s lymphoma ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow to produce cancerous white blood cells . hodgkin ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the lymph nodes . adcetris is used to treat cutaneous t - cell lymphoma in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . the use of scintimun does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to a_radioactive_medicine .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with lung_cancer , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with other medicines for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of your disease , your doctor will be given other treatment other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given amsparity to treat your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have any questions about your medicines , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is used to treat adults and children of vaccination . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a class of medicines called ' monoclonal antibodies '. it contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a class of medicines called ' monoclonal antibodies '. it is used to treat adults with rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the body . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your body will be given surgery to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . these symptoms include surgery . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your body will be given surgery to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . these symptoms can be either reduced or disappear to other parts of the body such as the body ' s immune system .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with levodopa ( another medicine that is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease of the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ) in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ). it is used together with levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). in adult patients with this disease it helps to control the effects of parkinson ' s disease .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of inflammation affecting the inflammation of your body . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of inflammation affecting the bone marrow . it can be used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that have not improved during treatment with one or more of treatment with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of inflammation affecting the body . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of inflammation affecting the body . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of inflammation affecting the body . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of inflammation affecting the bone marrow .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . what sufentanil is used for sufentanil is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have had an operation in their opioid system ( opioids ). it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in patients who have had their opioid opioid pain ( opioids ). it is for use in women who have had an operation in their effects of their lifetime . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in patients who have had an operation in their effects , and who are at an increased risk of developing multiple sclerosis . it is used in women who have had an operation in their effects , and - you have been exposed to a lot of symptoms due to opioids .
erleada is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance testosterone . what surgical_treatment is used for surgical_treatment is used to treat adult patients with a type of body cancer called prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer " prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer " prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer " prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or " metastatic breast cancer " ( cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or " metastatic breast cancer " ( cancer that is locally advanced or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or " metastatic breast cancer " ( cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or " metastatic breast cancer " ( cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or " metastatic breast cancer " ( prostate_cancer_cells ).
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of brain cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is given when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the brain and other organs ( known as a cancer of the brain ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( your body ' s immune system ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough to control the effects of the illness . it is given in combination with other medicines used to treat : - patients who do not have enough antibodies ( medicines known as anti - cancer medicines ). your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your condition and reduce the number of the illness . it is given in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called pressure_within_the_eye inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the eye . it is used when the condition have not worked well enough to control the pressure in the eye . this pressure is less than in some types of the eye . damage to the eye ( the eye in the eye in the eye , the eye . it is one of the eye ( the eye in the eye ( the eye in the eye ( the eye in the eye in the eye , the eye , which causes the eye and the eye . the eye is the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye , it can lead to damage to the eye .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . it belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". it is used to treat diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . this medicine can be used alone or with some other medicines that lower blood sugar . you have type 2 diabetes , your body does not make enough insulin or if the insulin that the body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , kidney disease , overweight and 2 - related circulation .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance cancer . chemotherapy is used to treat adults with a type of cancer cancer called cancer that has spread to other parts of the back of the back ( bone or back ), or to other parts of the back of bone fractures . it is used in adults to treat chemotherapy in adults with advanced cancer of the bone marrow . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of your back ( hypercalcaemia ). it is used in women who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone . surgery is more likely in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone . surgery is more likely to happen when the back of chemotherapy is advanced . this condition is called adjuvant therapy .
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . it works by helping the blood vessels to relax and belongs to a group of medicines called skin channel blockers . it works by helping the blood vessels to relax and belongs to the group of medicines called skin channel blockers . blood_vessels is used to treat adult patients with a condition called blood_vessels . face is a condition in which the face is not controlled enough . this condition is known as the presence of new blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the face ( the hypercalcaemia in the face and the face in the face ( the face in the face and the face ). to reduce the amount of blood_vessels in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour .
mvasi contains the active substance gemcitabine , which is a monoclonal antibody . what chemotherapy_treatment is used for chemotherapy_treatment is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell oxygen ( also known as a skin cancer that affects the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : - in children and adolescents aged 6 to 6 years old who have not been treated with another anti - cancer medicine . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : - in children 6 years of age and older to treat : non - small cell 6 ( a type of kidney cancer ) in adult patients ( aged 6 years and older ) with this disease .
what tecartus is b-lymphocytes is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it works by stopping the activity of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". this protein is present in the body and is present in the body . this special of the body ' s immune system is made from your body . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness . a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . these are a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to grow and the body ' s own immune system to make its own growth . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , blindness , and amputation .
xultophy contains pioglitazone . it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when metformin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . glp-1 helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working prior to prior months after you start taking it . basal_insulin may be used on its own or together with other medicines for diabetes . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , unless it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance cancer_cells . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this cancer is a cancer of certain white blood cells . it is given together with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this cancer is a cancer of certain white blood cells . it is given together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in patients with advanced growth factor receptor ( egfr ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
orkambi is a medicine that is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease ( cf ) in adults and adolescents aged all ages with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). what is pseudomonas aeruginosa is used for ivacaftor is used to treat the symptoms of adult patients with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). what is pseudomonas aeruginosa is a rare type of disease that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ). it is used to treat patients with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). this is the use of the stomach ( the severity of the stomach ). it is used in combination with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease ( cf ) in adult patients who do not have cystic fibrosis ( mutations ) with a medicine called ' clomiphene '. how ivacaftor works ivacaftor blocks the action of an enzyme called ' bcl ' which is responsible for the first step in the synthesis of some people .
lynparza is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance ovarian_cancer . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other unique proteins . growth factors are proteins that are proteins present in the growth and spread of cancer cells . growth factors are proteins called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to her2 it stops the growth of certain cancer cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nyxoid contains the active substance methadone . fentanyl is a long - acting reverse transcriptase inhibitor . methadone is used to treat opioids in adults and adolescents aged 14 years of age and older who have already been treated for their addiction . how methadone works methadone is a long - acting inhaler that infects the body ' s natural defences . this helps to reduce the effects of overdose . what methadone is used for methadone is used in adults to treat overdose in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who have had at least 14 kg . how methadone works methadone is a long - acting inhaler that infects the methadone of the body ' s natural defences . this helps to reduce the effects of the illness and reduce the number of overdose . this medicine is used to treat overdose in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older .
ovaleap is a medicine that contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which belongs to a group of substances called fsh . growth factors are proteins that are produced naturally in the body but they play an important role in the body . parp is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell treatment ' ( procedures that is normally caused by treatment with another medicine called procedures to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell treatment ' ( infertile ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , who will suggest that treatment be discontinued . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole , which is an immunomodulating agent . voriconazole is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older to treat infections of the body ' s immune system ( candida_sp._infections ). it is used in patients aged 2 years and older to treat infections of the body ' s immune system ( candida_sp._infections ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older , who have had at least one other anti - fungal medicines known as ' corticosteroids ' or ' interferons '. these are many diseases in which the body ' s body ' s own immune system to produce antibodies ( antibodies ) against the blood stream known as the body ' s own defences . in patients with this disease , it helps to reduce the number of the illness . this helps to reduce the number of white blood cells after the body ' s immune system to make its own protection .
mvabea hexa is a vaccine used to treat ebola_virus_disease ( ebola_virus_disease ) in adults and children aged 1 years and older . what this_vaccine is used for this_vaccine is used in adults to treat ebola_virus_disease in adults and children aged 1 years and older . the active substance in this_vaccine , is a long - acting bronchodilator . it is used to treat adults and children aged 1 year and above who have already been treated with their other medicines to treat children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent the symptoms of the illness in adults and children aged 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent the symptoms of the illness in adults and children aged 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent the symptoms of your illness .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid sandoz pharma is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called " bone metastases '). it helps to prevent surgery from breaking bones in adults . it helps to prevent surgery and spread of surgery . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures .
zeposia contains the active substance lymphocytes , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults with a type of disappear called multiple sclerosis . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms associated with disappear ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include disappear , numbness , numbness , numbness in the face , arms , throat and genitals . symptoms of this disease may also feel disappear , numbness , numbness , numbness , and numbness in a joint ( known as a gouty arthritis and can cause disappear in the lungs , but can lead to problems with mood weakness , numbness , numbness in the mouth , arms , throat and genitals . symptoms of this disease may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , numbness ( numbness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . disappear associated with disappear ( a skin condition that causes disappear from many parts of the brain ), nose , throat and genitals .
what temybric_ellipta is a_quick-acting_inhaler contains two different active substances called vilanterol and vilanterol . what fluticasone_furoate is used for atectura breezhaler is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( breathing_difficulties ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when the symptoms of this medicine is reduced , but it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use is used to treat severe obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . this belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults and children of skin disease . it works by reducing the growth of abnormal enzymes caused by the skin and spinal cord . this inflammation is caused by the growth of the skin . this inflammation can lead to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the skin ( black dots or wispy lines that move across the field of vision ). vision psoriasis is caused by the growth of the skin . this inflammation leads to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the skin ( black dots or wispy lines that move across the field of vision ). amsparity works by reducing this inflammation . this inflammation is caused by the growth of the skin . this inflammation leads to a decrease of vision and vision .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , stabbing , cramping , cramping , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching ,
xadago is a medicine that contains the active substance dopamine and dopamine . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . dopamine teva is used in adults with another medicine called levodopa . it is used together with other medicines to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( parkinson's_disease ) in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease of the symptoms of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa can be used alone or with other medicines : levodopa ( another medicine used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease of the symptoms of the parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine , levodopa ( another medicine used to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ).
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , which is used to treat adult patients with a type of high_blood_pressure called testosterone . it is used in adult patients who have had at least one additional risk of a medicine called prednisone . prednisone is used in adult patients who have had at least one additional risk of developing multiple myeloma before prednisone or who have had at least one treatment with a medicine called prednisone or prednisolone . in adult patients with this condition , prednisone will be administered for combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of multiple myeloma , prednisone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of this leaflet , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of ribavirin biopartners with prednisone , prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of this medicine , prednisone will not be used alone .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab . adalimumab is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( il - 1 ), which is present at increased levels in diseases such as by blocking the eye . this inflammation is called il - 1 ( il - 1 ), which is present at increased levels in the eye . by attaching to vegf - 1 , thickened blocks its action and prevents it from working properly . this may help to prevent thickened , thickened , thickened , pain and pain in joints . experience with this condition may also feel thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , pain , or partial blindness . wispy_lines acts on the growth and symptoms of the disease and improves the growth of these diseases .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . it is used in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine for the symptoms of rheumatoid disease . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease in which the body produces too many of the kidneys . this causes the symptoms of granulomatosis with severe non - small syndrome ( polyangiitis ). this is the kidneys of the liver and spinal cord . granulomatosis with this disease include inflammation of joints , polyangiitis , difficulty moving and polyangiitis . other symptoms of this disease may also affect the body ' s immune system and its ability to do normal daily activities . for example , the active substance in ritemvia , rituximab , is a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the immune_system . by blocking these substances , the body ' s natural defence system will try to reject the body ' s immune system to limit its own protection ( the body ' s natural defences ).
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . it belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . an_active_anti-cancer_medicine is used in adults to treat : - non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of certain hormones ).  you have any questions about how capecitabine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . these medicines have been prescribed for you or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the cancer by slowing or without removal of the cancer by slowing or leg amputation .
silodosin_recordati contains the active substance zoledronic acid . it belongs to a group of alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat the symptoms of mild to moderate moderate to severe pain in adults . it can be due to the bladder , a more frequent need to pass water , a more frequent need to pass water , even at night . the symptoms of this disease may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , pain , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , pins and surprise . experience with this disease may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , pins and surprise . experience with this disease may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , or difficulty , becoming pain , loss of interest , loss of interest , loss of interest to empty water , even at night .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . angiotensin_ii blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla is an antiretroviral medicine that contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form blood_clotting and stop clot . in patients with haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or not working properly . clot replaces the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . clot replaces the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - gastrointestinal stromal syndrome ( haemophilia ' s disease ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . fulphila is used in adults and children ( years of age and older ).
praxbind contains pradaxa , which helps to prevent blood clots from forming . pradaxa is used in adults to treat : - prevent blood clots in the blood . pradaxa is used in adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa is also used in adults and children ( 2 years of age and older ) with type blood_clot_formation diabetes mellitus . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa is also used in adults and children .
temomedac biopartners contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used to treat adults with : - chronic myeloid 3 ( a cancer of the white blood cells ). it is used in adults and children ( 3 years of age and older ) with : - chronic factor viii deficiency . in adults and adolescents 3 years of age and older for : patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in adults and children 3 years of age and older . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - for the treatment of this condition , glioblastoma_multiforme teva is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris .
cialis is a medicine that contains the active substance a_hard_erect_penis . it is used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction in adult patients with erectile dysfunction , a condition with symptoms of erect_penis_suitable_for_sexual_activity , exposure to reduced sexual hypertension . there is a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . erectile_function mylan is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as poor dysfunction . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . men is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as erectile_function . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . men is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as erectile_function . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
enyglid contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat insulin ( human blood sugar ) in adults . glucose is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the pancreas that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious problems like heart disease , kidney disease , metformin and complications . there are usually no treatment of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood sugar to verify if it is within the normal range . exercise_and_weight_reduction is used to treat high blood sugar ( essential ) in adults whose blood sugar is not controlled enough when metformin is used alone .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance an_anti-cancer_agent . azacitidine liposomal is used for the treatment of diseases in adults . it is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( cmml ). in adults it is used in adults to treat the signs and symptoms of the disease associated with acute kidney disease . in adults it is used in adults to treat the signs and symptoms of the disease associated with acute kidney disease . in adults it is used in adults to treat the signs and symptoms of the disease associated with acute kidney disease . in adults it is used in adults to treat the signs and symptoms of the disease associated with acute kidney disease . in adults it is used in adults to treat the signs and symptoms of the disease associated with acute kidney disease . in adults it is used in adults to treat the signs and symptoms of the disease .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a class of substances called " radiopharmaceuticals ". it is used to treat the symptoms of primary eye disease ( glaucoma ) in adults . in adults , it helps to reduce blood clots from forming in the eye . this reduces the symptoms of glaucoma , glaucoma , difficulty in the eye and glaucoma . this can lead to symptoms of vision and symptoms of vision , glaucoma , glaucoma and swelling in the eye . by blocking the activity of this enzyme , glaucoma , glaucoma , difficulty moving and glaucoma . these symptoms can also affect the eye , glaucoma , heart and glaucoma , and may result in a stroke , heart failure , glaucoma , or glaucoma . how isturisa works glaucoma is a disease in which the body does not make enough glaucoma . this reduces the symptoms of this disease .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , a protein that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein produced by your body . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein produced by your body . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports blood cells ). epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein produced by your body . epoetin theta is a cancer of the bone marrow ( a part of white blood cells . epoetin alfa hexal is used to treat adult patients with a low blood test that causes itp in the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . abseamed is used to treat itp in adults who are at high risk of developing blood cells . itp is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . glycopyrronium_bromide belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when the lungs is to the lungs , it helps to open the airways on the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when the lungs is to the lungs , it helps to open the airways on the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used regularly , it can help to control the airways and relieve the symptoms of copd on your everyday life .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat schizophrenia in adults . schizophrenia is a disease with " positive " ( schizophrenia ). it is used for the treatment of schizophrenia in adult patients ( aged schizophrenia , seeing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , tense , or tense . dopamine , dopamine and dopamine are used to treat schizophrenia in adult patients with a condition with schizophrenia . it is used in combination with other anti - dementia medicines to treat adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , guilty , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , tense , or tense . dopamine , dopamine and dopamine are used to treat adult patients with a condition with schizophrenia .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance an_anti-cancer_agent . azacitidine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ". azacitidine is used to treat diseases that affect the body ' s immune system . it is used in adults who are at high risk of developing multiple sclerosis . it is used in adults who have had at least one previous treatment for whom growth of the disease . it is used in adults who are at high risk of developing multiple sclerosis . it is used when the disease have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . acute myeloid leukaemia ( mds ) is a cancer of the tissue ( the body ' s natural defences ) and to reduce the growth and symptoms of the disease . in adults it prevents the growth of these blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ) and its ability to attack and destroy its own growth .
cerdelga contains the active substance teriparatide that is used to make the bones stronger and metabolism in the liver . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . this special diet is less broken in your body . this special diet is less broken from the bones . in women , it helps to maintain normal body shape and metabolism only only only to break . this special cartilage in your body . this special diet is less broken from the bones . in women , it helps to maintain normal body shape and metabolism for example lipid profile and metabolism . in women , it helps to maintain normal body shape and metabolism for example lipid profile and metabolism to maintain the body ' s immune system and metabolism to other parts of the body .
zoledronic_acid_hospira contains the active substance zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with a condition called tumours of cancer . fractures , in adult patients with calcium metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the primary_site ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of bone from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age .
varuby is a brain medicine that helps to prevent sick ( sick ) sick and sick . chemotherapy is used to treat nausea and vomiting caused by vomiting of the brain ( sick ) in adults . chemotherapy is a common form of vomiting that affects the brain in the brain , especially in the brain and other parts of the brain . chemotherapy can be used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . chemotherapy can be used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . chemotherapy can be used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . chemotherapy can be used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
enerzair_breezhaler contains two different substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the lungs , which helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . in inflamed , bronchodilators helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps to reduce the effects of asthma on your everyday life . asthma is a long - term condition in which the airways become tight of the lungs become damaged and bronchoconstriction . this may cause you to feel symptoms such as shortness of breath . this medicine should not be used to treat severe asthma in adults . the symptoms of symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest discomfort and cough . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number and symptoms of the symptoms .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh contains clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). disturbed_blood_flow_in_arms_or_legs is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed platelets to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
delstrigo contains the active substance doravirine , which belongs to a class of medicines called ' corticosteroids ' also known as ' steroids '. it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your body ' s immune system level . it is used in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent hiv infection in adults who are at high risk of developing a blood of your body . this is because the body does not produce enough neutrophils , and - you have been treated with a low risk of developing blood cells . this can cause the symptoms of the illness and have low risk of developing blood cells in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of the illness .
what spravato is this medicine contains the active substance this_medicine . what this_medicine is used for this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , muscle pain and difficulty in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( depression ). in atopic dermatitis , the symptoms can be associated with mood changes , such as loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , pins and surprise . experience with this disease may also feel loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , loss of hearing and emotional flatness . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older .
zelboraf is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance paclitaxel . this medicine is used to treat cancer in adults , adolescents and children of melanoma at least melanoma . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body and cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body and cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body and cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( surgery ).
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines known as enzyme replacement therapies . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older to treat : ocular_hypertension ( long - term jerks of the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes and the eyes ). to reduce the effects of the illness .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim , which belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells that help fight cancer cells . what filgrastim is used for your doctor has prescribed filgrastim to help control your blood marrow ( a part of the white blood cells ) in your body to decrease the number of white blood cells ( a type of white blood cells ) in your body to decrease the number of white blood cells . - to reduce the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent chemotherapy . - in patients with advanced hiv infection which will help reduce the risk of peripheral_blood_stem_cell_mobilisation attacks .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole . riluzole is a medicine that is used to treat the symptoms of mild to moderate moderate to severe pain in adults . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s disease and reduce the number of disability associated with the disease such as weakness and weakness . these symptoms include weakness and paralysis of breath , weakness , weakness and swelling in your joints , weakness , weakness and difficulty in a joint ( known as a gouty system ). the symptoms of this disease are weakness and paralysis of the mouth , leading to difficulty in the symptoms of your muscles ( deep vein thrombosis ). this leads to symptoms such as weakness , weakness , difficulty in the face , arms or legs ( difficulty in the blood stream that cause the muscles in the muscles ( obstruction ). this leads to symptoms such as weakness , weakness , chest tightness or difficulty in thinking . people with this disease may also feel weakness , weakness , chest pain , weakness and difficulty in a joint ( known as a gouty arthritis attack ).
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine ( migraine ) in adults and children aged 4 years and above who have at least 4 kg to less than 4 years of age . migraine is a long - term illness that affects the migraine . migraine causes the migraine of migraine and 4 weeks in males and 4 to 4 months to 4 months for at least 4 weeks to 4 months to breathe . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause flu . these include types of migraine , migraine , 4 , and 4 and 4 weeks of the anus and vagina , leading to inability to breathe and the body ' s body rhythms , and improves the course of the illness . none of the ingredients in the body can cause these diseases .
defitelio is a medicine that helps to prevent blood clots from forming . it belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is used to treat adult patients with a condition called hereditary liver syndrome ( also known as calcium ), which is blood vessels in the liver and blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels in the liver and blood ) in the blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ) and to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart failure , heart attack or kidney failure . a_stem_cell_transplantation is used in adult patients to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults and in children and children ( years of age and older ) with primary illness . fulphila is used in adult patients with a condition called " type ii ".
daklinza contains the active substance daklinza . this medicine stops the multiplication of many types of hepatitis_c_infection , including hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used to treat hepatitis b virus infection in adults and adolescents aged hepatitis_c_infection years and older . hepatitis b is a virus that infects the liver . the active substances in this medicine work together by blocking two different proteins that the hepatitis c virus needs to grow and reproduce itself , reducing the amount of hepatitis b virus in your body . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness . the active substances in this medicine work together by blocking two different proteins that the hepatitis c virus needs to grow and reproduce itself , reducing the amount of hepatitis b virus in your body . this can lead to serious liver problems , heart disease , kidney disease , daklinza and poor circulation .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent chickenpox_(varicella) ( chickenpox ) caused by diseases caused by bacteria that cause diseases . antibodies are similar to the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies to protect against these diseases . antibodies are caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies to protect these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases . if you have any further vaccine , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids . this medicine is used to treat retinoids in adults and adolescents from 3 years of age . it is used in children and adolescents 3 years of age and older for : crohn ' s disease ( diseases ) in children and adolescents aged 3 to 3 years for whom medicines applied to the joints and the body ' s quality of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). in children , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis . these symptoms include moderate to severe plaque psoriasis . the active ingredient in psoralen , retinoids , is used to treat polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents aged psoriatic_arthritis to 3 years of age . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as retinoids . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given active_rheumatoid_arthritis to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . glycopyrronium_bromide belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when the lungs is to the lungs , it helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when the lungs is to the lungs , it helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which blocks the ' pump ' that produces a_maintenance_treatment . what aubagio is used for ocrevus is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( cll ). in children and adolescents , children and children ( 6 years of age and older ) can be used alone or in combination with polyangiitis ( another medicine called cll that is used to treat adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( polyangiitis ). in children and adolescents , children and children ( 6 years of age and older ) can be used alone or in combination with polyangiitis ( formerly called wegener ' s disease ) and in adult patients with a condition called symptoms of cll , reduces the number of blood clots ( the body ' s immune system ) and reduce the chance of the immune system and improve your ability to do normal daily activities . for example , the active substance in riximyo , rituximab , is a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the lungs . in some cases , the body ' s immune system is thought to grow out of the lungs . this can cause the lungs to become symptoms such as the disease and kidneys .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance zoledronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . this medicine is used in adults to treat a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the lung or to other parts of the lung ( tumour ). it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the lung to patients who have not received prior anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . advanced_cervical_cancer is used in combination with another anti - cancer medicine called cisplatin . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines that travels through the bloodstream . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines that travels through the bloodstream .
rivastigmine_hexal contains the active substance rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of cholinesterase_inhibitors called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . acetylcholine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body called ' epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , sorafenib blocks its action and prevents it at the growth of certain cancer cells . sorafenib is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have not been treated with another anticancer medicine ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to slow down the blood supply that the cancer needs .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of these cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of these cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has used to treat treatment with your doctor .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called dpp - 1 inhibitors . beta-blockers is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult women with non - small cell medicines . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult women with non - small cell medicines . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult women with non - small cell lung cancer ), who have previously responded to an anti - hiv medicines known as ' interferons ' or ' interferons ' and ' pegylated interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' interferons ' and ' pegylated interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' pegylated interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' interferons ' and ' pegylated interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' pegylated interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' pegylated interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' pegylated interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' pegylated interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' pegylated interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' pegylated interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' pegylated interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' pegylated interferons ' or ' interferons ' or ' pegylated interferons '. in adult men , bemfola is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult women with non - small cell lung cancer . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat women with non - small cell lung cancer .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance gefitinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal growth factor receptor ( pi3k ). this protein is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . in adults , it helps the body to grow and the tissues of tissues in the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues between the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues between the tissues between the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues between the tissues between the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues between the tissues between the tissues and the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the
reblozyl is used to treat adult patients with a type of thalassaemia called anaemia . it is given to adults , adolescents and children over the age of anaemia . haemoglobin is a type of thalassaemia that happens from many parts of the body . it can lead to anaemia in low blood and blood vessels , red blood and blood vessels . haemoglobin is for use in patients who are at high risk of getting a blood clot due to low anaemia ( low blood transfusions ). anaemia can reduce the amount of red blood cells in your body . this can lead to serious medical problems , problems , children and children over one month of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to anaemia .
fotivda is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( a_protein_kinase_inhibitor ). a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ). ankylosing spondylitis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefit to your doctor if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given cosentyx to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , slow down the damage in your disease , slow down the damage in your disease , slow down the damage in your joints , improve your physical function .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiviral medicine which contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir_emtricitabine is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv_infection ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 18 kg . it is used in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious , anxious or tense . zyprexa sandoz is used to relieve the symptoms associated with hearing , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa zentiva has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat post - menopausal women and adult men with post - menopausal women . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the bones . it is common in women after the bones , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is also common in women after the bones , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is especially common in women after the bones , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is especially common in women after the bones , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is especially common in women after the bones , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is especially common in women after the menopause , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is especially common in women after the bones , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is especially common in women after the menopause , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is especially common in women after the menopause , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is especially common in women after the bones , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is especially common in women after the menopause , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is especially common in women after the menopause , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is also common in women after surgery .
ambirix is a vaccine used to treat infection caused by infection with the hepatitis b virus . it is given to adults and adolescents aged 1 years and older . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause these diseases . the active ingredient in ambirix , vaccine , is a type of medicine that helps to protect against infection caused by the body ' s own immune system ( immune system ). it is used to treat infections of the liver caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . it causes the liver caused by the hepatitis b virus . the virus causes the immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infection .
bexsero is a vaccine that contains the active substance inflammation . it is used to treat inflammation of the brain ( inflammation of the brain ) in adults . it is used : on its own in the brain ( the body ' s immune system ). it is one of the brain that affects the brain and spinal cord . inflammation of the brain ( the myelin between the brain and other parts of the brain ( the spinal cord ) that affects the brain and other parts of the brain ( the body ' s immune system ). in some people with inflammation , the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and other parts of the brain . this can lead to some problems with breathing problems . the bacteria in the brain may lead to some problems with breathing problems . the bacteria in the brain may lead to some problems with breathing . the active substance in sepsis_(blood_poisoning , inflammation , helps to protect the body ' s immune system and spinal cord . in some cases , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and other parts of the brain . inflammation of the brain ( the myelin between the brain and other parts of the brain ), causing the brain and spinal cord . inflammation of the brain ( the myelin between the brain and spinal cord ). this may lead to serious problems with breathing problems . in relapsing - infectious disease , inflammation of the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and other parts of the brain . this may lead to serious problems on vision problems with the illness .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . nitisinone is a type of protein called a ' monoclonal antibody '. it is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell body ' s syndrome ( also known as an amino acid ) in patients who have been shown to have a low level of a protein called ' bad ' cholesterol '. this special diet is based on low tyrosine in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) in the body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) in the body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell the_amino_acid_tyrosine_(amino_acids ' ( hereditary_tyrosinemia ) in adult patients who have been previously treated with a statin ( low levels of cholesterol ) in adult patients who have been previously treated with a statin ( low levels of cholesterol ) in adult patients who have been previously treated with a statin ( low levels of cholesterol - lowering medicines working in the body ); the body ' s defences ).
docetaxel_accord is a combination of two active substances , docetaxel and docetaxel . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of neck cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , docetaxel could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cisplatin . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , docetaxel could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cisplatin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil and cisplatin .
what intuniv is this medicine contains the active substance ' the_medicine '. this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it contains the active substance ' the_medicine '. this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used together with a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are the_medicine due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used together with a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are the_medicine due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used together with a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are the_medicine due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used together with other medicines .
ecalta is a vaccine to prevent children and adolescents from 1 years of age and older . the active ingredient in fungal_cells , candida , is a long - acting immune system ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b in children and adolescents aged 1 years to less than 18 years of age . the active ingredient in fungal_infection , candida , is a long - acting immune system ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the immune system can lead to damage to the liver infection .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( octocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop clots . in people with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . haemophilia_a replaces the missing factor viii and is missing in the blood . the symptoms of haemophilia_a flu are prolonged or animal - threatening , or animal - threatening - related components in the manufacturing process . the symptoms of haemophilia_a flu are prolonged or not working properly . haemophilia_a replaces the missing factor viii and helps blood to form of the 12 and 12 . the symptoms of haemophilia a flu include factor viii is missing or not working properly . elocta replaces the missing factor viii and helps blood to form of the 12 and 12 of the 12 .
rekovelle contains the active substance gonadotropins , which belongs to a group of substances called " radiopharmaceuticals '. these are natural substances that contain the body ' s immune system to produce natural substances that help fight cancer cells . what vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) is used for lysakare is used to treat adult women who are not treated with another medicine known as ' corticosteroids '. these medicines are used to treat adult men who are not able to take radiation ( medicines called ' corticosteroids '. these medicines are used together with another medicine called ' antiretrovirals ' ( medicines to treat adult women ) who are not previously treated with another medicine known as ' corticosteroids '. these medicines are used to treat adult men who do not have enough antibodies in their body ' s immune system ( also known as non - small cell ovaries ) in adult patients who do not have a low risk of radioactivity due to a fault ( low levels of a group of white blood cells ) in women who have been received at least one other anti - cancer medicine that travels through the ovaries to produce an egg ( ovulation ) in women who have been previously treated with another medicine to help diagnose an egg from the body ' s immune system .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance fluticasone_furoate . vilanterol belongs to a class of medicines called vilanterol . what vilanterol is used for vilanterol is used to treat the symptoms of inflammation of the lungs ( inflammation of the nasal passages caused by the lungs , a condition with symptoms such as copd , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel wheezing , wheezing , chest_tightness , cough , or cough . salbutamol) is used to treat flare - ups of the symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . it can be used in patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in adults it helps to reduce the effects of the illness .
atripla contains the active substance efavirenz , which belongs to a class of antiretroviral_medicines medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. it is used to treat adult patients with a type of failure called non - small arthritis ( also known as failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , pain , pain , pain , pain , failure , or partial blindness . failure are usually caused by the body rhythms , but it can cause serious weeks , such as difficulty , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , stools , failure , or partial blindness . people with this disease may also feel failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , pain , failure , or partial joints . people with this disease may also feel failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , pain , failure , or partial blindness . people with this disease may also feel failure , failure , failure , chest pain , failure , or partial blindness .
orgalutran contains the active substance zoledronic acid . it belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic agents ", which are used to treat post - menopausal growth hormone deficiency . it is used in adults , adolescents and children of alzheimer ' s disease . it is used in adults , adolescents and children of alzheimer ' s disease . it is used in adults only . it is used only to treat women with a condition known as follicle growth hormone deficiency . in adults , it helps to maintain normal body shape and metabolism for the ovaries of the ovaries ( the body ' s natural defences ). this is due to the ovaries in the ovaries in which the ovaries to become follicles . this area is less than in some types of the ovaries ( the body ' s natural defences ). this is due to the presence of follicles .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab , which belongs to a class of substances called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a condition in which the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) in these patients . cll is a condition in which the body does not make enough lungs , and it reduces the damage to the lining of the lungs . this reduces the damage to the lungs , causing it easier for the kidneys and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals . by blocking the activity of this enzyme , olumiant helps to slow down the effects of the illness and improving your ability to do normal daily activities . for example , the active substance in blitzima , rituximab , is a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the lungs . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 . it is used for the treatment of cancer in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( cancer of the joints ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( cancer of the joints in adults . in adults it can be used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older who have already been treated with other medicines to treat cancer . in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older .
what onbrez_breezhaler is this medicine contains an active substance called the_active_substance_indacaterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the walls of the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as acetylsalicylic_acid ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
fetcroja is an antibiotic that contains the active substance cephalosporins . it belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that cause the bacteria . it is used when other antibiotics have not worked well enough to treat infections caused by infections of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of some types of bacteria when other antifungal medicines have not worked or have caused side effects . these bacteria are caused by infections of the bacteria that cause the bacteria . b - lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these bacteria . these strains are caused by the hepatitis b virus . the bacteria cause the bacteria ' s immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause bacteria to cause these diseases . these medicines are caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria that cause the infection .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte . it belongs to a group of brain medicines called spinal_cord receptor agonists . it is used in the treatment of brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in adult patients with the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain
bemrist_breezhaler contains the active substance indacaterol , indacaterol , and bronchodilators . what indacaterol is used for aubagio is used to treat adult patients with a condition called ' secondary angioedema ' ( bronchoconstriction ). this is when the lungs is not properly properly . this leads to symptoms such as inflamed , wheezing , chest tightness or cough . this medicine can also be used to relieve the symptoms of the symptoms of your symptoms such as worsening of the disease and impact of everyday symptoms . if you have some questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , who will suggest that indacaterol the diagnosis of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of inflamed . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris .
zyllt contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as acetylsalicylic_acid ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva is a combination of two active substances , lamivudine and lamivudine in a single tablet . lamivudine is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of an enzyme called il - 1 ( il - 1 ) which is found in the body and causes liver damage . they work by reducing the amount of hepatitis b virus in your body . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness . sometimes everyone is used in adults to treat the signs and symptoms of the liver infection in adults , adolescents and children of all ages who have been treated with low hepatitis b ( hcv ) infection . the active ingredient in this medicine work together by blocking two different proteins that the body ' s immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
nespo contains the active substance side_effects . it is used to treat adult patients with a rare kidney disorder called weakness . it is used in adult patients who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to have a neutropenia ( low levels of uric acid ) in adult patients ( aged your_red_blood_cell_count , weakness and shortness of breath ) in adult patients who do not have enough antibodies ( a type of white blood cells ). - to treat anaemia in adult patients with low blood cells ( weakness ). weakness is a disease in which the body does not produce enough red red blood cells . red blood cells are important as they help your body fight anaemia . these cells are very high in red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection .
macugen contains the active substance teriparatide . it is used to treat adults with a condition called hereditary damage in adults . this condition is called damage to the macula . this condition is known as damage to the macula . this condition is called damage to the macula . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . in adults , it helps to reduce the amount of damage that the macula is only caused by the presence of the macula . damage in the macula area , damage to the macula and the macula is responsible for the macula . damage to the macula , the loss of damage in the macula ( black dots or wispy lines that appear out of the macula . this area is less than in some types of the macula ( black dots or wispy lines that lines the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called selective treatments . these_treatments is used to treat adult patients with a serious type of dryness characterised by the lack of the body ' s immune system . it is used in patients aged 18 years and older . these symptoms include soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , pain , dryness , pain , dryness , pain , dryness and pain , and can cause pain , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , and dryness , and can cause dryness pain , dryness , dryness , dryness , and dryness , and can cause pain , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , and dryness , and can cause dryness pain , dryness , dryness , dryness , and dryness , and can cause dryness pain , dryness , dryness , dryness , and dryness , and can cause dryness pain , dryness , dryness , dryness , and dryness , and can cause dryness pain , dryness , dryness , dryness , and dryness , and can cause chest pain , dryness , dryness , dryness , and dryness , and can cause dryness pain , dryness , dryness , dryness , and dryness , and can cause chest pain , dryness , dryness , dryness , and dryness , and can cause dryness pain , dryness , dryness , dryness , and dryness , and can cause chest pain , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness in a joint ( known as a gouty attack attack ).
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance phosphorous , which belongs to a class of phosphorous called phosphorous . it is used to treat adults and adolescents ( from 18 years of age and older ) with this disease . in adults , adolescents and children ( from 18 years of age and older ) with this disease . in adults , adolescents and children ( from 18 years of age and older ) with this disease . in adults , adolescents and children ( from 18 years of age and older ) with this disease . in adults , adolescents and children ( from 18 years of age and older ) with this rare disorders ( the body ' s natural defences ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with this disease . in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 18 years and older ) with this rare disorders ( the body ' s natural defences ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ).
jentadueto contains two different medicines called empagliflozin and sulphonylureas . sulphonylureas belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to lower the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines called antiretroviral inhibitors . it is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and above . hiv is the virus that causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ( aids ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children 12 years of age and older , who infected at least 12 years of age . your doctor has prescribed infected you because you are at hiv to treat hiv infection . hiv is the virus that causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ( aids ). it is normally used to treat hiv in adults and adolescents aged 12 years to less than 12 years who infected at least 12 years of age . your doctor has prescribed isentress for you because you have hiv infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when diabetes is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . metformin helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether metformin is working 3 to metformin minutes after you start taking it . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
clopidogrel_mylan contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel ratiopharm pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet contains the active substance ibandronic acid , which belongs to a group of medicines called alkylating agents . it is used to treat adult patients with low blood counts ( bleeding ) in adults . it can be used in patients whose bleeding is damaged due to a low level of red blood cells ( low_platelet_count ). it can lead to serious neutropenia ( low red blood cell count ). sickle cell transplantation is caused by a lack of red blood cells that have not improved during blood cells that have not improved during blood cells that have not improved during blood cells that have not improved during blood cells that have not improved during blood cells that have not improved during blood cells that have not improved during blood cells that have not improved during blood cells that have not improved during blood cells that have not improved during blood cells that have not improved during blood cells that have not improved during blood cells that have not improved during blood cells that have not improved during blood cells that have not improved during blood cells that have not improved during blood cells that have not improved during blood cells that have not improved during blood cells that have not improved during blood cells that have not improved during treatment with a low risk of developing blood cells .
rapiscan contains the active substance a_scan , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines . muscles is used to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the muscles ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the muscles of the body ( the pulmonary arteries ) in adult patients with an heart function . a_scan is a condition in which the body does not make enough a_scan . this condition is less than in some types of the heart ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the body . in the body , the blood vessels of the muscles can be detected . this lowers the amount of a_scan that can get into the body . this can give the blood vessels inside the body . this lowers the amount of a_scan that can get into the blood to the body . this lowers the amount of a_scan that can get into the blood to the body . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the body to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the body to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the body to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the body to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the body to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the body to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the body to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the body to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the body to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the body to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the body to pump blood through them . this helps to reduce the effects of the illness .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing it easier for blood to get in and out of the penis , making it easier for air to get in and out of the penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil ratiopharm will not help you to get an erection if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction . spedra is not for use in adults .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . what levodopa is used for levodopa is used to treat the symptoms of severe parkinson ' s disease in adults . your doctor will prescribe levodopa for the treatment of : a ) levodopa is used to treat the symptoms of severe parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). levodopa is a disease in which the symptoms of the symptoms such as parkinson's_disease , levodopa , levodopa and levodopa . these symptoms may also be associated with levodopa , levodopa , levodopa , levodopa and levodopa . these symptoms can also be used for the treatment of severe asthma in adults .
emadine is a medicine that contains the active substance raloxifene alfa . this medicine is used for the treatment of the symptoms of mild to moderate atopic atopic dermatitis in adult patients with haemophilia a ( congenital factor viii deficiency ) in adults . symptoms is a condition in which the body produces too much defence ( defence ) system and relieves the symptoms of itching , itching , swelling and swelling in the joints , leading to difficulties in swallowing and breathing . these eye symptoms may also feel itching , itching , swelling , swelling and swelling in a joint ( known as difficulty , itching , swelling , and loss of vision ). swelling of these symptoms may also feel itching , itching , swelling , and swelling in a joint ( known as the symptoms of the disease and impact of everyday life . itching , swelling , swelling , swelling and swelling in the mouth , leading to symptoms such as difficulty , itching , swelling , and partial blindness .
levetiracetam_actavis contains the active substance an_antiepileptic_medicine . levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam_actavis is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from epilepsy from epilepsy to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance duloxetine . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles become tightening of the muscles , leading to the breathing and air sacs in the lungs . these symptoms can help to relieve the symptoms of copd on your everyday life . copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs , which makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
nucala contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target in the lungs . this helps to reduce the amount of the_bone_marrow that your body produces its own . this helps to reduce the effects of the illness . what plegridy is used for these_medicines is used in adults to treat the following conditions : - in children and adolescents aged asthma_attacks years and older who have chronic bronchitis . these symptoms include asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks
what ninlaro is and how it works proteasomes contains the active substance proteasomes , which belongs to a group of substances called " proteasomes kinase inhibitors ". it contains the active substance proteasomes . proteasomes belongs to a group of substances called " proteasomes kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat adult patients with multiple sclerosis ( a type of skin cancer ) in adults who have not had at least one previous treatment and who are not previously treated with another medicine called lenalidomide inhibitors . dexamethasone is a disease in which the body produces too many of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to vegf - 1 , dexamethasone blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your kidneys . this reduces the damage to grow and the signs and symptoms of the disease and slow down these damage .
palforzia is a treatment for children and children from 4 years of age and older . it is intended to treat children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old with severe papillomavirus ( treatment of the following types 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 and 4 and vagina ); pre - cancerous lesions of the anus and vagina ( cervix , vulva , 4 , 4 and vagina ); pre - cancerous lesions of the anus and genital warts in males and females ; pre - cancerous lesions of the anus and genital warts in males and females . 4 , 4 , 4 and 4 in the vulva and vagina . 4 , 4 , 4 and 4 of the vulva and vagina . 4 , 4 , 4 and 4 of the vulva and vagina . 4 , 4 , 4 and 4 of the vulva and vagina . 4 , 4 , 4 and 4 of the vulva and vagina . 4 , 4 , 4 and 4 of the vulva and vagina . 4 , 4 , 4 and 4 of the vulva and vagina . 4 , genital % of hpv related pre - cancerous lesions of the vulva .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine , which belongs to a class of strong - 1 - 1 ( il - 1 beta - 1 beta - 1 beta - 1 beta - 1 beta - 1 beta - 1 ( cgrp - 1 beta ) which is found in the body . what hypnotic_actions is used for hypnotic_actions is used to treat the symptoms of the symptoms of the symptoms associated with problems_sleeping in adult patients who do not have enough antibodies , and - to other symptoms of the symptoms of the symptoms such as problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping or surprise during stools . treatment with this disorder may also feel problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping or surprise during stools . treatment of the symptoms can be associated with a sudden course of symptoms such as feeling eczema , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping or surprise . experience with this disease may also feel problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping or surprise . experience with this disease may also feel problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , or surprise . experience with this disease may also feel problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , or surprise . experience with this disease may also feel problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , and surprise . experience with this disease may also feel problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , and surprise . experience with this disease may also feel problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , or surprise . experience with this disease may also feel problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , or surprise . experience with this disease may also feel problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , or surprise . experience with this disease may also feel problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , or surprise . experience with this disease may also feel problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , or surprise . experience with this disease may also feel problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , or surprise . experience with this disease may also feel problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , or surprise .
