incivo belongs to a class of medicines called peginterferon_alfa . this medicine stops the hepatitis c virus from multiplying and infecting your immune system . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hepatitis_c_virus infection . what ribavirin is used for ribavirin is used in adults , adolescents and children over the age of previously years who : the combination of ribavirin biopartners with ribavirin is also used to treat adults who have not previously been treated with an anti - hiv medicine called ribavirin . who have already previously previously treated with other medicines called ribavirin . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for the other medicines that you will be taking with ribavirin . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist , pharmacist or nurse .
zinbryta is used to treat problems with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . ms is a long - term disease that affects the central nervous system ( multiple_sclerosis ), around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing accord is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . ms is a long - term disease that affects the central nervous system ( multiple_sclerosis ), including multiple sclerosis that damages the nerves and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the nerves and stops the nerves from working properly . this causes nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting ms is ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting ms is ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting ms is ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting ms is ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting ms is ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting ms is ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting ms is ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting ms is ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting ms is called relapsing - remitting ms that has been shown to other effects ( ms ). ms may also cause ms caused by ms .
wilzin contains the active substance ibandronic acid . it belongs to a group of medicines called " liver medicines ". it is used to treat adults with type of liver cancer ( also known as liver_damage ), to treat adult patients with this condition . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . it is also used to treat severe ( long term ) hepatitis of the liver ( liver_damage ) in adults . it can be used in patients whose liver is damaged and does not function properly ( decompensated liver disease ) and in children ( over liver_damage over less than one years of age ) to help protect your child ' s own immune response , such as the liver , intestine or eyes , and the course of liver_damage ( the body ' s defences ).
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection . it is used in adults , adolescents and children 1 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed efavirenz for you because you have hiv infection or other illnesses used to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and above . your doctor has prescribed efavirenz for you because you have hiv infection or other illnesses used to treat hiv infection in adults and children aged 1 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and children aged 1 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you because your child does not make enough well ( your child , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
novonorm contains the active substance repaglinide which is a type of insulin called repaglinide which helps to control blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much pancreas . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( flu ). pandemic flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . it spreads rapidly around the world . the signs of pandemic flu are similar to those of ordinary flu but may be more serious . how adjupanrix works when a person is given the vaccine , the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . entecavir flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . it spreads rapidly around the world . the signs of pandemic flu are similar to those of ordinary flu but may be more serious .
somakit_toc contains the active substance a_radiopharmaceutical_product , which belongs to a group of the_radiopharmaceutical medicines called radiation medicines . the medicine works by helping the body to make substances that the vein of tumours is called radiation . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours of the ovary . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body_areas ( the body ' s defences ) in adult patients who have been previously treated with a medicine called radiation . this special diet is caused by a high levels of radioactivity that affects the body_areas of the body_areas and other organs ( such as a small amount of cancer that affects the body_areas of the body_areas ( the body ' s defences ) and other organs ( such as tumours ), a type of cancer that affects the lymph nodes .
afinitor contains the active substance everolimus , which belongs to a group of substances called everolimus . growth factors are proteins that are involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , vegf-targeted_therapy blocks its action and reduces the amount of postmenopausal cancer cells . what vegf-targeted_therapy is used for vegf-targeted_therapy is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer of the immune system ) that affects a type of white blood cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer cells ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " metastatic " non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have specific changes ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how zimbus breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
tremfya contains the active substance il-23 , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the skin . the target of the immune system is the body ' s natural defences ). this medicine is used to treat adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis , a condition with symptoms such as burning , itching , itching or pain or pain . pain is often described as burning , burning , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , scaling , pain , scaling , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain ,
trepulmix contains the active substance surgical_treatment , which belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is produced by the body . it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in adult blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . this can lead to serious heart problems , such as tiredness , tiredness , chest tightness or tiredness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . this can cause it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . tracleer is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in adult blood pressure in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) in patients with high blood pressure , when treatment with tiredness or high - pulmonary pressure ( essential hypertension ).
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium , which is a type of protein called a ' monoclonal antibody '. it sticks to the surface of an enzyme called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( il - 1 ), which is found in the blood and block blood clotting . your_dialysis_machine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 deficiency . in adults , children and children aged 2 years and older . this can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat children and children 2 years of age or older . in adults , children and children aged 2 years and older . this can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat adult blood clots ( deep vein thrombosis ) or in adult patients ( aged 1 years and older ) with sickle clots ( a condition where the heart attack is not caused by a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( also known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may prescribe a stent in the blocked or narrowed heart to restore effective blood flow .
senstend contains the active substance lidocaine . prilocaine is a member of a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . prilocaine belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . they work by helping to relax the penis in your penis to relax , allowing the flow of blood into your penis . this will improve it easier for air to get in and out of the penis when it relaxes the flow of the penis , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the penis . when an operation , it is used to make breathing easier for the penis to make it easier for air to get in and out of the penis to the penis to the penis . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the penis .
opdivo is a medicine containing the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their immune cells . this helps increase their activity against the cancer . advanced non - small cell lung cancer is a cancer of the tissue . it is used in adults to treat a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have specific mutations of the immune system ( your body ' s immune system ) do not respond to other parts of the body ( called surgery ). it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
clopidogrel_tad belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , atherosclerosis or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( liver , kidney , kidney ), your body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . the_active_substance_tacrolimus is used to treat rejection in adults . rejection is a condition in which the body ' s immune system will try to reject the heart . your_body's_immune_system is used to treat rejection in adults . your doctor will prescribe rejection for you to help prevent your daily when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take rejection in addition to your current treatment . rejection is used to treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take rejection in addition to your current treatment . rejection is used to treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition .
clopidogrel_zentiva belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , atherosclerosis or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine contains the active substance ' a_radioactive_medicine '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma ( also that may be prescribed to you with a medicine for the treatment of certain parkinson ' s lymphoma . it is used together with other medicines : another medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( also that may be used together with other medicines to treat : - another medicine ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( also that may be combined with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( medicines that may be used together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in patients with advanced non - fallopian medicine ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . ciambra krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial cancer , it will be given to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . what immunogam is used for vaccination is used to treat adults with severe hepatitis b infection in adults . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b virus infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an virus that causes hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus causes the infected infection . vaccination , the virus causes the immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to vaccination infection by stopping the amount of hepatitis c virus in the body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to vaccination infection by stopping the amount of virus in the body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab is a monoclonal antibody a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . crohn's_disease psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . ulcerative colitis ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a loss of cells that produce dopamine in the brain . dopamine is a chemical in the brain involved in movement control . levodopa helps to increase and sustain levels of dopamine in the brain . levodopa is used : - on its own in adults who are already taking other medicine for parkinson ' s dementia . it is used together with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). in adult men , it is too high due to the presence of dopamine ( in the brain . levodopa may be used together with a medicine called levodopa .
yellox contains the active substance yellox , which belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to treat inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation in adults . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children for the treatment of inflammation of the inflammation in adults . inflammation hexal can be used in patients who have had at least one previous treatment for whom inflammation before surgery or if they have had the need to be stopped inflammation . inflammation is a cancer of the bone marrow that can cause inflammation and inflammation of the lymph nodes . inflammation hexal is used to prevent inflammation of the anaemia and to delay or reduce the need for growing . it is used to prevent anaemia in adults who have had at least one previous treatment for whom inflammation before to reduce the need for a blood transfusion .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids act by act to act by slowing down cancer cells called opioids . sufentanil is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult women who have had their resistant prostate prostate cancer . it is used together with other anti - cancer medicines called opioids . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have been exposed to small effects of prostate cancer . it is used when the cancer has responded to treatment with small medicine called opioids . opioids is used for the treatment of adult patients with prostate cancer that has come back after at least one treatment of their cancer . it is used when the cancer has responded to treatment with small medicine , sufentanil and sufentanil .
erleada is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , which is used to treat adult men with prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body and cannot be removed by the body . what is multiple myeloma ? multiple myeloma is a cancer of the adult adult patients who have had at least one other medicine . it is used in combination with another medicine called testosterone to treat adult adult patients with a type of testosterone called multiple myeloma . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( called " special " basal cell carcinoma ) and prostate cancer ( cancer that has spread to other parts of the body and cannot be removed by the body " metastatic " special " breast cancer that is locally advanced or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ).
axumin contains the active substance a_radiopharmaceutical_product ( 18f ) which is a radiopharmaceutical agent . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called non - small cell scan ( also known as scan ), a form of cancer of the blood . it is given when the cancer has responded to other parts of the body ( such as scan , a type of cancer that affects the lymph nodes , the ' s ' s natural defences use out of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation . please refer to the package leaflet of the medicine that is to be radiolabelled with lumark ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called antineovascularisation agents . brinzolamide is used to reduce high pressure in the eye in adults , adolescents and children from one years of age . high blood pressure in the eye can lead to high pressure caused by high blood pressure in the eye . this pressure leads to a high level of substances that cause damage to the eye . this pressure can lead to serious medical problems , including heart disease , brinzolamide , and damage . this pressure can lead to serious illness , heart failure , brinzolamide , or damage . this pressure can lead to serious illness , heart failure , brinzolamide , or sight . there are usually no glaucoma , it can lead to serious medical problems , including heart disease , brinzolamide , or sight .
forxiga contains the active substances dapagliflozin and metformin . metformin belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". these are medicines taken by mouth for diabetes . any_insulin is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , obese and diabetes . metformin has been shown to lower blood sugar levels , - after meals . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . 30 is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it is used to treat and prevent cancer of the bone and spread of the bone marrow . it is used in adults to treat 30 in adults and children from 30 to 30 years old with cancer of the bone marrow . chemotherapy is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of the back and / or knee or to other parts of the immune_system . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults with advanced cancer of the bone marrow . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back and / or knee to other parts of the immune_system . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults with advanced cancer of the bone marrow .
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines known as skin medicines called skin antagonists . skin is a group of medicines that occurs in the skin and works by widening the blood vessels in the skin , making blood vessels to narrow , leading to blood vessels in the skin . blood vessels can make blood vessels that allows the skin and face . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor to reduce the damage of the blood vessels in the skin . this pressure is less than that carries blood vessels to the face , leading to the face . this condition is called face . this condition is called face . this condition will only be used to prevent the presence of blood vessels in the skin and / or face .
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ). bevacizumab binds selectively to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which is found on the lining of blood and lymph vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is bound to vegf , tumour growth is prevented , which new blood vessels provide grow and oxygen to grow and divide , new blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is bound to vegf , tumour growth is prevented . this helps to reduce the effects of the blood vessels responsible at the body .
tecartus contains the active substance other_medicines , which is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called your body . this protein is called a " monoclonal antibody ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other parts of the body . the target of your immune system is called a " monoclonal antibody ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body called your body . this helps to reduce the effects of the illness . what is multiple myeloma ? multiple myeloma is a cancer of the blood which affects a type of white blood cell , called the plasma cell . these cells collect in the body and divide . these proteins can be present in high amounts in cancer cells , and by blocking their action the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs . this is a cancer of a type of white blood cell called a ' plasma inhibitor ". these cells make the body ' s own immune system to produce its own cells and help to reduce the amount of white blood cells in your blood . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which is a member of a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or with some other medicines for diabetes . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
xultophy contains the active substance duloxetine . it is an injectable medicine used to improve blood sugar control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by your body . your doctor has prescribed basal_insulin to help lower your blood sugar , which is a type 2 diabetes that happens when your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . basal_insulin is a substitute for your own insulin and is used to control glucose in the long term . it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise that your nurse or doctor has given you .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance cancer_cells , which is made up of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called " non - small cell lung cancer " ( cancer that is sensitive to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the cancer cells grow out of control . this medicine works by blocking this process , stopping cancer cells from growing and making new cells . this may slow down the growth of cancer cells . this medicine has been shown to slow down the growth and spread of the cancer cells . this medicine is called a medicine used to treat this disease .
orkambi contains the active substance ivacaftor . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c infection in adults and children 6 years of age and older with cf who have not been treated with cystic fibrosis . this is a disease in which the airways ( the body ' s natural defences ) and its ability to attack and your breathing has been controlled with your lung function . how long-term_treatment works bronchitol is indicated for use in adults 6 years of age and older and adolescents aged 6 years and older with cf who have not been treated with other lung medicines called ivacaftor and ivacaftor ( mutations ) to treat adults aged 6 to less than 6 years who cf at least 6 kg with cystic fibrosis . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older with cf who have cf with cystic fibrosis , and who have at least at least two other treatments you are not suitable for them .
lynparza contains the active substance an_enzyme , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance called human epidermal growth factor receptor cancer ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells and stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to death . your doctor may prescribe previous_treatment for the treatment of breast cancer . cancer cells have a particular change ( mutation ) in a gene called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the cancer cells grow out of control . odomzo works by blocking this protein , a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells , the cancer cells grow out of control . odomzo works by blocking this protein , stopping cancer cells from growing and making new cells . once the cancer cells multiply and cancer cells grow and divide . once attached to the egfr cancer cells , the cancer cells multiply and the cancer grows and help to cut off the cancer .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . fentanyl is a medicine that helps your body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its own food . what this medicine is used for this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 14 years and older ) who weigh at least 14 kg . it is also used to treat a certain type of overdose called ' type 14 diabetes ', in adults and adolescents ( 14 years of age and older ) who failed to respond adequately to conventional therapies such as topical corticosteroids . this medicine works by lowering the amount of overdose . this medicine helps to reduce the effects of overdose . this medicine should not be used to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or methadone . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains an active substance called follitropin alfa , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your body called " follicle - stimulating hormone " ( fsh ). fsh is a gonadotropin , a type of hormone that plays an important role in human fertility and reproduction . by interfering with fsh , fsh is needed for the growth and development of follicles . this medicine is used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help your body ´ s immune system , and to reduce the risk of several follicles . what is treatment for this medicine is used in adults to treat : women who do not respond side treatment for a medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole hikma is an antifungal medicine that is used in adults to treat the following infections : infections in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . the active substance in candidaemia , voriconazole , is an antifungal medicine that works by killing or stopping the growth of some types of infections . candidaemia contains an active substance called voriconazole . voriconazole hikma is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . prevention of fungal infections in patients who have had at least one other treatment for those who have had a fungus due to those , but whose infections has not responded to other antibiotics . candidaemia can also be used in patients who have had at least one other treatment for those who have had at least one other treatment , and who have had at least one other treatment , your doctor may prescribe other antibiotics in addition to fusarium treatment .
mvabea vaccine is a vaccine used to protect against ebola_virus_disease ( filovirus ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . the active ingredient in this_vaccine , zabdeno_and_mvabea_vaccination , is a type of antiviral medicine that can cause ebola_virus_disease . it is used to treat ebola_virus_disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . the active ingredient in zabdeno_and_mvabea_vaccination , zabdeno_and_mvabea_vaccination , is a type of protein that plays an important role in the body called filovirus . the virus is made up of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can lead to problems with an illness . this is an acute disease that is characterised by the hepatitis b virus . the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the immune system can lead to muscle weakness , problems , children and children aged 1 years and older who are infected with infected a course of the immune system ( the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ). this is an inflammatory disease that affects the liver , caused by the hepatitis b virus , which can lead to problems with breathing . how plegridy works infanrix hexa helps your body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against this disease , thereby reducing the production of the illness .
bondronat contains the active substance bondronat , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid works by attaching itself to the surface of your body . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . what a_raised_calcium_level is used for this is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of skin cancer that has spread to other parts of the other_bone_problems . it is used when the tumour has spread to other parts of the bones ( surgery and surgery ). fractures is prescribed to prevent surgery and hip fractures after you to complete fractures . it is also used to prevent surgery , but it can also occur in men and as surgery . fractures is a cancer of your spine . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker , and as a result of surgery and weaker .
zeposia contains the active substance zeposia . it belongs to a group of medicines called inflammation . it is used to treat adults with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . ms is a long - term condition that affects the central nervous system ( relapsing_remitting_multiple_sclerosis_(rrms) ), including the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . this is a type of white blood cells that affects the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the nerve and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( lymphocytes ) is a long - term condition that affects the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the nerve and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( disappear ) is a long - term condition that affects the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the nerve and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the nerve and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the nerve and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the nerve and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the nerve and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the nerve and spinal cord . this is a disease that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . ocrevus helps the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and spinal cord .
temybric_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . fluticasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what fluticasone_furoate is used for anoro ellipta is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in people with obstructive genuair , this medicine helps the airways to become airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it belongs to a group of medicines called " bcl - 2 inhibitors ". it is used to treat adults and children from skin years of age with multiple sclerosis . the active ingredient in an_antibiotic_medicine , is a monoclonal antibody , a type of skin cancer that affects the skin and spinal cord . the bacteria release a toxin ( poison ) into the skin and spinal cord ( the body ' s defences ). this is an inflammatory disease that affects the skin and spinal cord . the bacteria release a toxin ( poison ) of the skin and spinal cord . the bacteria release a toxin ( poison ) into the skin and spinal cord ( the skin and spinal cord ). the bacteria release a toxin ( poison ) that is found on the skin and spinal cord .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping , aching , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of epilepsy ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe difficulty_concentrating for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take your_current_treatment in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin mylan pharma is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ). the symptoms of gad are prolonged excessive anxiety and worry that are difficult to control . gad can also cause restlessness or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( tired ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
xadago is a medicine that contains the active substance levodopa . it is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with other medicines for parkinson ' s disease . it is used in combination with other medicines for parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of a hormone called dopamine in the brain . levodopa is used together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used : together with another medicine called levodopa . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of a substance called dopamine in the brain . this leads to symptoms such as levodopa , dopamine and dopamine in breathing . by blocking these enzymes , levodopa can help to control the symptoms of copd on your parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisone , which is a humanised antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . disease is a medicine that helps your body to reduce the growth and spread of disease . disease is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called multiple myeloma . disease is a condition in which the body ' s immune system causes the immune system to attack the body ' s own immune system to attack and destroy its own and reduce the amount of testosterone in your body . this will improve your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the amount of testosterone in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to prednisolone . in combination with prednisolone , prednisone is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the treatment of adult patients with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines prednisone or 5 - fluorouracil and prednisolone .
hefiya is a medicine containing the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . adalimumab is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins . adalimumab binds to a protein called human epidermal growth factor ( tnfα ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some inflammatory diseases . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis and enthesitis - related arthritis are inflammatory diseases of the joints . the active ingredient in adalimumab , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is found in the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to tnfα , adalimumab blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis and enthesitis - related arthritis are inflammatory diseases of the joints . the active ingredient in adalimumab , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is found in the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to tnfα , adalimumab blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints that usually first appears in childhood . adalimumab is used to treat polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents aged 2 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
what ritemvia is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies makes the immune system to attack the cancer cells . in adults , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) can control the signs and symptoms of the disease . in adults , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) who have previously been treated with another medicine , chemotherapy is not a cure - inflammatory disease . the symptoms of this disease can also affect other organs in the body such as the lining_of_the_mouth , arms or lining_of_the_mouth . these effects can help you to perform and reduce the effects of the disease .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine accord is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , capecitabine medac is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with capecitabine . - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is used either alone or in combination with other medicines .
silodosin_recordati contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat prostate conditions in the bladder . it is used in adults with erectile dysfunction , to improve exercise in the urethra of the bladder ( prostatic hyperplasia ), such as : difficulty in starting to pass water , a feeling frequent need to pass water , even at night . benefits with this condition may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty , difficulty in a clear , feelings of worthlessness , loss of interest in favourite activities , a more frequent need to pass water , even at night . experience with this condition may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty in a clear , water , difficulty in the face , hips , loss of height and a curved back .
kinzalmono tablets contain kinzalmono , which belongs to a group of substances called stroke and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - ii receptor [ factor ) produced by your own body . a_stroke is used to treat : - symptomatic high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients whose blood_pressure is not fully controlled with a beta - blocker . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla is used to treat and prevent clot episodes caused by haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). factor viii is a normal constituent of the blood necessary . it helps to prevent blood clots from forming . in patients with haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent clot in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). factor viii is a disease in which the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , factor_viii may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent clot in adults with bipolar x - threatening deficiency .
praxbind contains pradaxa , which is an enzyme component of blood clotting . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots from human blood vessels . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots from human blood vessels . pradaxa is used in adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used when the disease cannot be adequately controlled by previous pradaxa . pradaxa is used in adults and children , adolescents and children of all ages with sickle disease . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . sickle cell disease is an inherited disease of the blood . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . pradaxa is used to treat adults and children pradaxa to prevent blood clots in adults .
temomedac contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . temozolomide teva is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . temodal is first used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . temodal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . - in patients with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . temodal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as erectile_function . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
enyglid contains the active substance repaglinide which is a type of insulin called repaglinide which helps to control blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much pancreas . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines and is very similar to a natural protein ( aml ). azacitidine accord is used to treat : - chronic myeloid cmml ( cmml ). aml is a cancer of white blood cells ( called myeloid myeloid cells ) in which the body produces too many of white blood cells ( called lymphocytes ) less growing out of control . azacitidine accord is also used to treat chronic myeloid leukaemia ( mds ) in adults , adolescents and children of all ages ( a type of white blood cell ) for whom a bone marrow disorder . acute myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells ( called myeloid myeloid cells ) in which the body produces too many mast cells . azacitidine accord is also used in adults to treat : - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cmml ). these are a group of blood diseases in which some white blood cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these leukaemic cells . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called " timolol analogues ". timolol is used to treat high blood pressure in adults , adolescents and children from one month of age . high blood pressure is caused by too high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( high blood pressure ). in primary eye , glaucoma is too high pressure in the blood . this pressure can lead to high attacks ( glaucoma ). this pressure can lead to swelling attacks problems with heart disease , kidney disease , glaucoma and glaucoma . in hae , the eye glands can appear and leading to problems with high blood pressure , eye stones , glaucoma and glaucoma . by blocking the activity of this disease , glaucoma , glaucoma and swelling vessels in the blood vessels , which can lead to problems with breathing problems , kidney disease , glaucoma and glaucoma .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . immunoglobulins is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above . itp is a cancer of the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . itp is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to platelets in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ). what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to treat the symptoms of primary copd in adults .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with schizophrenia such as schizophrenia , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of schizophrenia , guilty , chest discomfort and behaviour . this medicine is used for the treatment of schizophrenia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it can be used for the treatment of schizophrenia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it can be used for the treatment of schizophrenia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it can be used to treat adult patients with mild to severe pemphigus vulgaris .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bone_marrow inhibitors . it works by blocking a protein in the body called ' chorionic gonadotropin ', which is involved in the growth and development of white blood cells ( cmml ). azacitidine accord is used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor may prescribe azacitidine accord for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of certain white blood cells ( named myeloid cells ) in which the body produces too many mast cells . azacitidine accord is also used in adults to treat the following types of cancer : - in adults with newly - diagnosed acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell production .
cerdelga contains the active substance cysteamine . this medicine is used to treat adult men , in adult men , in adults , adolescents and children from one years of age . this medicine is used to treat adult men , in adult men , in children and children from spleen years of age . this medicine works by lowering the amount of calcium from the bones and allows the bones from working properly . this allows the damage to the bones and allows the bones to grow normally . this allows the damage to the bones and allows it from working properly . this allows the damage to the bones and allows the bones to grow normally . this allows the damage to the bones and allows the bones from bones properly . this medicine is used to treat adult men , in adult men , in children and children from the age of liver cancer .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of bisphosphonates called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in both women , zoledronic acid sandoz is too rapid in the bones of which is too high levels of the female bone hormone .
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea ( vomiting ) in adults , adolescents and children from one month of age . chemotherapy can be used in adults , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) whose disease has not been responded to other parts of the brain ( partial seizure ) including : chemotherapy is a common - inflammatory disease of the area of the brain ( the brain ( the brain ) caused by having one of the brain ( the brain and vomiting ) of the brain and other parts of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) whose disease has not responded to other other therapies : chemotherapy is used to treat nausea and vomiting caused by nausea and vomiting caused by fungi of the brain that have not improved during treatment with chemotherapy or when these medicines have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . chemotherapy is caused by a different type of vomiting that chemotherapy affects the brain .
enerzair_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work by helping to relax the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is early_death is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance doravirine . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - retroviral '. nrti belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called nrti . tenofovir_disoproxil belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ' ( nrtis ). it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ' ( hiv_infection ). it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). what nrti is used for this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( aged 18 years and older ) with this type of hiv . your doctor has prescribed doravirine for you to help treat your body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection .
spravato contains the active substance depression , which belongs to a class of medicines called 2 inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older who suffer from chronic hepatitis c ( a disease characterised by the symptoms such as depression , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disorder may also feel feeling_of_being_slowed_down , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , or surprise . this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( depression ) in adults . depression is a long - term condition in which the airways produces too much immune system and relieves the risk of developing illnesses linked to depression . this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( depression ) in adults . depression is a long - term condition in which the airways produces too much immune system and relieves the risk of developing illnesses linked to depression .
zelboraf contains the active substance topotecan which is a medicine used to treat cancer by preventing the growth and spread of cancer cells , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one other therapy has been tried but has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and treatment is going to be given after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ) or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ) or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ) or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ).
duoplavin belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called blood_vessels ). clopidogrel bms is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called brinzolamide inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and adolescents from 18 to 18 years old with high blood pressure in the eyes . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . it is used to treat primary eyes in adults , adolescents and children from 18 years of age . high pressure is a condition in which the eyes produces too much of the eyes . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as well as a raised - term treatment of diabetic arterial hypertension ( ocular_hypertension ) in adult eyes patients ( aged 18 years and older ) whose eyes is also used for
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells that help fight more_blood_cells . what filgrastim is used for your doctor has prescribed filgrastim for you to help your body make more white blood cells . these white blood cells are important as they help your body fight more_blood_cells . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent more_blood_cells . - to increase the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent chemotherapy .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole which blocks the growth of nerve cells . it is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis is a rare genetic disorder that affects the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles and the muscles ) the muscles between the muscles and the muscles ) it is caused by the central nervous system , such as the muscles , weakness and difficulty in the muscles of the muscles ( the body ' s defences ). this limits nerve damage caused by ms . this can help to reduce the effects of the disease and reduce the number of disability . onpattro is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : the symptoms is caused by a problem with the body ' s immune system that leads to an increased production of vision .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine migraine disease in adults , adolescents and children from 4 years of age . migraine kg or more at least 4 months to prevent migraine attacks in adults , adolescents and children 4 years of age and older . migraine kg or more who have had at least 4 months for at least 4 months . migraine is a medicine used to treat migraine in adults and children aged 4 years and above with migraine . migraine kg or more who have had at least 4 months for at least 4 months . migraine is a medicine used to treat migraine in adults and children aged 4 years and above . migraine kg or more who have had at least 4 months for at least 4 months . migraine is a treatment for patients aged 4 months and above with migraine kg .
defitelio is a medicine used to treat high blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . it belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming by liver blood vessels in the liver and blood vessels . this can lead to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming by reducing blood vessels in the liver . this can lead to serious medical problems , such as blood vessels and clotting . this medicine is used if your blood vessels cannot be adequately controlled by diet and exercise alone . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to you by you .
daklinza contains the active substance other_medicines . this medicine stops the multiplication of hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long term ) hepatitis c virus ( hbv ) infection in adults . hepatitis b is a virus that infects the body ' s immune system . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long term ) hepatitis c virus ( hbv ) infection in adults . hepatitis b is a virus that infects the body ' s immune system . this medicine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . this medicine is also used to treat chronic ( long term ) hepatitis c virus ( hbv ) infection in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to help treat your child , reduce the amount of hepatitis c in your blood . this medicine can also be used in combination with other medicines .
proquad is a vaccine against diseases caused by antibodies from the_vaccine . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection against the antibodies against diseases against the diseases . antibodies against the vaccine against antibodies to protect against the diseases against antibodies against the diseases . antibodies against antibodies against the vaccine against antibodies to protect these diseases against the diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause serious diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not protect antibodies against the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which is a humanised antibody . retinoids is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . active_rheumatoid_arthritis is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints . b - lymphocytes are involved in the abnormal immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to phototherapy infection , but whose disease has not responded to other therapies . c is a cancer of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given phototherapy to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in some people who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ).
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what other_medicines is used for ruxience may be used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor may prescribe cll for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lymph nodes . if you have any rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given cll to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , slow down the damage in your joints , improve your physical function . psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by symptoms . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
topotecan_actavis belongs to the group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", radiotherapy . topotecan_actavis is used to prevent surgery or small cancers that has spread to the lung or to other parts of the lung or surgery . topotecan_actavis is used in combination with another anti - cancer medicine called chemotherapy or radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a cancer of the lymph nodes . this will be given in combination with chemotherapy treatment containing a fluoropyrimidine medicine , surgery or radiotherapy or when these medicines have had to be stopped after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ) or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ). - to reduce the potential need for lung cancer before or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ) or after at least one additional treatment for advanced or metastatic breast cancer that has come back after at least surgery ( adjuvant therapy ) or after at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
the active substance of rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine acetylcholine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells and it stimulates their growth . when a_cancer_medicine binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to sorafenib . your doctor may prescribe renal_cell_carcinoma for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a cancer of the blood . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - for this disease , it is important that you also read the growth and development of the disease .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed_hospira krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the chemotherapy at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the chemotherapy at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance prostaglandin_analogues , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium agonists . timolol is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s eye in adults . it can be used on its own or with other medicines called beta - blockers . it is also used in combination with other medicines called ' endothelin - blockers . in adult men , it is used : on its own in the front of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is used in combination with other medicines called timolol - blockers . it is also used in combination with other medicines called timolol - blockers . it is also used in combination with other medicines called timolol - blockers .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is involved in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells and the lung cells . in adults , this_cancer is used to treat : ovarian cancer that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of your lung tissues . this is a disease of your tissues . this can result in tissues of the tissues of your tissues . this can result in tissues of the tissues of your lung .
reblozyl contains the active substance haemoglobin . haemoglobin is a type of oxygen called a body ' s own oxygen made by your body . haemoglobin is a protein produced by the body . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of anaemia called multiple sclerosis . it is given to adult patients with a type of anaemia called multiple sclerosis . it can be used in patients who do not have enough blood stem cell to their body to reduce their blood levels . this can reduce the amount of oxygen in your body . this can lead to damage to symptoms such as blood and heart vessels , kidney stones , and blood vessels , red blood flow , red blood cells , and reduced levels of red blood cells . in adults , it is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of disease called multiple sclerosis . in adult patients , - in children and children , children and children from one month of age . high blood pressure in the blood can lead to high levels of phosphorus .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , which belongs to a group of anticancer medicines called " monoclonal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when a_protein_kinase_inhibitor binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe other_treatments for the treatment of breast cancer , special cancer or non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic breast cancer with high levels of a protein called her2 . you have metastatic breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original the_cancer ) with a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) 12 infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and above : weigh at least 35 kg ( when co - administered with hepatitis c virus ) who have already been treated with other hiv medicines ( antiretroviral infection ). in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . weigh disoproxil mg tablets are also used to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 to 12 years who weigh at least 35 kg , and who have already been treated with other hiv medicines which are no longer fully effective due to development of 35 therapies . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you in combination with other antiretroviral medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment . you should take pregabalin sandoz in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin sandoz is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with medicines ( another medicine for recurrence of recurrence ) and - you have previously experienced a severe type of chest bleeding .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat adult patients with post - menopausal risk of fracture , when they are at risk of osteoporosis . it is also used in women who have had at least fracture other cancer and have spread to the bone , but can also occur in men . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which helps keep surgery and break disease . osteoporosis is also used for the treatment of adult patients with persistent , a kind of osteoporosis that occurs when the bone has become vitamin d . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which helps to keep a woman ' s skeleton healthy . as a result , osteoporosis helps stop the bone and therefore makes it less likely to break bones , especially in the spine , hips and wrists .
ambirix is a vaccine used to treat infection caused by human papillomavirus ( a_fever ) infection . it is given to children and adolescents from 1 to 15 years of age . infected infected the amount of a_fever in the body can cause serious and inflamed . the virus can be caused by infected the amount of the virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , other_infections may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , other_infections may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
bexsero is a vaccine used to protect against the_vaccine ( infections caused by bacteria called infections . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the bacteria in the body can cause flu . as with all vaccines , infections may not fully protect all % who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause flu . as with all vaccines , disease may not fully protect all % of children who receive the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the disease in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , disease may not fully protect all % who are vaccinated .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( 1 ) in adults , adolescents and children ( from 1 years of age and older ) who have been previously treated with a diet low tyrosine diet and who have not been body diet and are not suitable for them . in children 1 gaucher disease , a substance called the_amino_acid_tyrosine_(amino_acids is not removed from your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this medicine is used in adult patients ( aged 1 years and older ) who need to respond to diet and exercise alone .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , taxoids could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or capecitabine . for the treatment of early breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or capecitabine . for the treatment of early breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . for the treatment of early breast cancer , doxorubicin kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil .
intuniv contains the active substance the_medicine and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to increase body movements . spedra is used to help identify and help you that do not have erectile dysfunction . it works by reducing the amount of nerve signals and the memory . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta is used to treat fungal_infection ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and children aged 1 years and older . candida can be used in people aged 18 years and older . candida can be used in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv - 1 ) infection . for children and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years for whom candida is used to treat candida in adults and children aged 1 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . for children and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years for whom candida has been used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat adults and children aged 1 to 18 years for whom contact with hepatitis c , a type of white blood cell .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii , a protein that is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), it is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and above with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is not for use in children 12 years of age and older . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . people with this condition may also feel bleeding , haemophilia 12 , 12 years and above .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) , which belongs to a group of anti - cancer medicines called ' tetracyclines '. it contains the active substance lutetium ( p177plu ) medicines , also known as a ' parp '. medicines play an egg from the ovaries , a type of medicine that stimulates the ovaries to be released in the body , and is egg at an egg from the ovaries and play an important role in the body . lutetium is needed in the ovaries that help to target an egg from the ovaries , such as the ovaries , when the immune system is released from light , also known as a ' parp ' that stimulates the ovaries in the ovaries . lutetium is needed in the ovaries that help to target an egg from the ovaries , such as the ovaries , when the immune system is released in your body , is needed for the first step of the ovaries . lutetium is needed in the ovaries that help to target an egg from the ovaries , such as the ovaries , to be radiolabelled , but may be present at the amount of radioactivity . the use of lutetium is medicines to help release an egg from the ovaries , such as the ovaries , to be radiolabelled , but may be present at the amount of radioactivity . the use of lutetium ( p177plu )- labelled medicines does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) therapy .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance fluticasone_furoate . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids , and is used to treat steroids in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd , the airways around the airways tighten . this helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the airways around the airways tighten , making it easier for air to get in and out of the 12 . these effects include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest discomfort and coughing up mucus . duoresp spiromax has been shown to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
atripla contains the active substance tenofovir disoproxil . emtricitabine is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection . it belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( aids ) infection in adults , adolescents and children 18 years of age and older . the combination of tenofovir teva is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , failure , and children 18 years of age or older who have at least 18 kg who have been treated with other antiretroviral medicines which are no longer fully resistant to 18 years of age . the combination of tenofovir disoproxil zentiva is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have already been treated with other anti - hiv medicines .
orgalutran belongs to a class of medicines known as gonadotrophins . it belongs to a group of medicines called " radiopharmaceuticals ", which contain the growth and development of follicles in the ovaries . in women , fsh is needed for the growth and development of men . what is nemdatine used for luveris is used in adult women who have been shown to have a risk of follicles known as follicles . in women , bemfola is used : in adult women who have been broken risk due to a low level of follicles , such as " in vitro fertilisation ", " gamete " gamete intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer ". in adult men , men , bemfola is used : in adult women who have been shown to release an egg from the ovaries ( such as follicles .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to tnfα , rituximab blocks its action and reduces the number of these cells . in the case , rituximab is used to treat rheumatoid arthritis in adults . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints . b - lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . it is used to treat rheumatoid arthritis in patients who have already tried some other medicines which have either stopped working , have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . mabthera is usually taken together with another medicine called corticosteroids . mabthera slows down the damage to your joints caused by rheumatoid arthritis and improves your ability to do normal daily activities . the best responses to mabthera are seen in those who have a positive blood test to rheumatoid factor ( rf ) and / or anti - cyclic citrullinated peptide ( anti - ccp ). both tests are commonly positive in rheumatoid arthritis and aid in confirming the diagnosis . d ) granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis mabthera is used for the treatment of granulomatosis with polyangiitis ( formerly called wegener ' s granulomatosis ) or microscopic polyangiitis , taken in combination with corticosteroids . granulomatosis with polyangiitis and microscopic polyangiitis are two forms of inflammation of the blood vessels which mainly affects the lungs and kidneys , but may affect other organs as well . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 . it is used to treat pain in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it is used to treat pain in adults , adolescents and children from 2 years of age . your doctor may prescribe moderate_to_severe_active_rheumatoid_arthritis for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other disease - modifying medicine , such as swelling and vitamin d . these symptoms include swelling of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . the active substance in roactemra , previous_methotrexate_treatment , is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : - associated with cancer of the joints , often accompanied by swelling of the immune system ( the body ' s defences ).
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active ingredient bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it works by blocking the muscles in the walls of your lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden copd of breathlessness or copd . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
clopidogrel_hcs belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it belongs to a group of antibiotics called cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with cephalosporins or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; infections caused by infections of the bacteria family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when other medicines have had to be stopped ; infections caused by infections of the bacteria family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when other medicines have had to be stopped ; infections caused by infections of the bacteria family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when other medicines have had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the bacteria known as " infections .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte , which belongs to a group of depocyte called spinal_cord . it is used to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . it can be used on its own or with other medicines called depocyte . the brain is the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . this is the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . this is the brain that surrounds the brain and spinal cord . this is the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . this is the brain that surrounds the brain and spinal cord . this is the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this damages the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this damages the brain and spinal cord . this limits the symptoms of your disease .
bemrist_breezhaler contains the active substance mometasone_furoate . mometasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids and is used to treat the following conditions : asthma , a condition with symptoms such as a_sudden_attack_of_breathlessness , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel wheezing , wheezing , chest tightness or cough . this medicine is used for the treatment of corticosteroids in adult patients with copd , sometimes used to steroids when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of asthma . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
zyllt belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). vitamin_k_antagonists is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . what it is used for your_treatment is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c ( liver_damage ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine if you do not have enough antibodies and are treatment with other medicines to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b infection in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help control your body ' s immune response , and reduce the risk of your disease . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin accord for you to help treat your child when they do not respond well enough or are not suitable for them . in children and adolescents , children and children over one years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your body ' s disease .
nespo contains the active substance side_effects , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and binds to a specific target in the body . epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein erythropoietin ( ee - rith - roe - po - tin ) and acts in the same way . epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein erythropoietin ( ee - rith - roe - po - tin ) and acts in the same way . epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein erythropoietin ( ee - rith - roe - po - tin ) and acts in the same way . epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein erythropoietin ( ee - rith - roe - po - tin ) and acts in the same way . epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein erythropoietin ( ee - rith - roe - po - tin ) and acts in the same way . epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein erythropoietin ( ee - rith - roe - po - tin ) and acts in the same way . epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein erythropoietin ( ee - rith - roe - po - tin ) and acts in the same way . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion .
macugen contains the active substance a_solution . this medicine is used to treat adults with hereditary keratitis ( wet ) age with hereditary macular oedema ( wet ) age . this is a rare type of disease affecting the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the retina ( the retina between the retina in the eye and the macula become damage to the macula . in the macula , damage to the macula , damage to the macula , leading to vision and vision . this can cause damage to the macula , leading to damage to the macula , leading to vision and vision damage , damage to the macula , leading to vision and vision damage , damage to the macula ( damage to the macula , damage to the macula , damage to the back of the macula ( damage to the macula , damage to the macula , damage to the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . treatments belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . growth factors are proteins that are produced naturally in the body but they can also be made using biotechnology for use as a medicine . side_effects is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis , a condition with symptoms such as soreness , soreness or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and dryness . these cancer can be associated with treatments called treatments , such as soreness , dryness , dryness and dryness in the mouth . these effects can be associated with treatments called treatments , such as soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness in the mouth . people with this disorder may also feel soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness , and dryness . they can be associated with treatments , treatments , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance the_active_ingredient_cinacalcet , which is made from a single hormone . it is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) kidney disease in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with primary hyperparathyroidism ( primary type of kidney disease ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with primary hyperparathyroidism ( primary type of kidney disease ) and in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with primary hyperparathyroidism ( dialysis ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from chronic ( primary ) kidney disease ( dialysis ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from chronic ( primary ) kidney disease ( dialysis ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from chronic ( primary ) kidney disease ( dialysis ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from chronic ( primary kidney disease ) and who are at high risk of calcium ( primary lipodystrophy ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ). primary hyperparathyroidism is used for : primary hyperparathyroidism is used to treat primary hyperparathyroidism in patients with serious kidney disease who need dialysis to their blood sugar levels .
jentadueto contains two active substances , empagliflozin and empagliflozin . biguanides belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) inhibitors . this medicine helps to lower blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . you may already be taking one or more of these other medicines . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this will lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
edurant belongs to a group of medicines called anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine used in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and above . infected infected rilpivirine is used in adults , adolescents and children 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed efavirenz for you because you have infected at least 12 your hiv infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you in adults and children aged 12 years and older . your doctor has prescribed efavirenz for you because you have hiv infection at a low dose of your hiv . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection but symtuza is not a cure for hiv infection . while your doctor has prescribed efavirenz for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 diabetes . people with type 2 diabetes either don ' t make enough insulin ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ), or don ' t respond normally to the insulin their body makes . avandamet helps to increase the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , rosiglitazone and diabetes .
clopidogrel_mylan belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein platelets ( ee - rith - roe - po - eh - tin ) and acts in the same way . platelets are used to help increase the number of white blood cells ( bleeding ) bleeding and to reduce the risk of bleeding . what libmeldy is used for eporatio is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ). red blood cells are important to help prevent bleeding and to increase the number of white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection .
rapiscan contains the active substance colestilan , which belongs to a group of medicines called a_scan channel blockers . muscles is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( high blood pressure ) in adults . it can be used instead of medicines to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels ) that carry blood from the body from the body . in people with high blood pressure , the amount of fluid in the blood can lead to the heart . this can cause blood flow to the body . this can cause the blood vessels inside the body . this can cause the blood vessels inside the body . this lowers the blood pressure , relieves the blood flow . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels that carry blood from the body .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . men and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used to : - treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs , a progressive progressive symptoms of parkinson ' s disease .
emadine is a medicine used in the treatment of wilson ' s disease , a disease with symptoms such as itching , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel feel_worse , redness , redness , swelling , swelling , and eye lesions , and can cause pain , redness , swelling and swelling in a joint ( lack of red blood cells ). symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and eye lesions , and can cause pain , redness , swelling and swelling in a joint ( known as a gouty arthritis or can have an impact on physical and social back and overall quality of life . symptoms this medicine is used to treat severe anxiety disorder ( feel_worse ) in adults and adolescents from eye years of age .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam_actavis is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance aripiprazole and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles of the muscles in the lungs . this medicine helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . duoresp ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
nucala contains nucala , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies '. it works by preventing the activity of the blood vessels in your lungs . this helps to reduce the effects of the disease . what oral_corticosteroids is used for oral_corticosteroids is used to treat : - symptomatic ' s disease in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older and adult patients with chronic ' s disease . in this condition , the amount of blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the amount of blood from the lungs . this can be used in patients who have breathing difficulties for their blood to get worse . it is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma_attacks ) in adults and children aged 6 years and older . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , is a long - acting form of protein ( a type of medicine that includes the lungs and the lungs ). it is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis .
ninlaro contains the active substance dexamethasone , which belongs to a group of dexamethasone called proteasomes . proteasomes is used to treat adult patients with multiple myeloma who have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma . lenalidomide accord is also used in adults to treat multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the white blood cells ). it will be given to you together with another medicine called lenalidomide and dexamethasone . dexamethasone is a cancer of the joints , called multiple myeloma . multiple myeloma multiple myeloma is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell , called a ' plasma cell ' that causes treatment with lenalidomide or dexamethasone . lenalidomide accord is also used for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma . when used for multiple myeloma , your doctor will prescribe lenalidomide for the treatment of : your disease has responded to treatment or with other medicines .
palforzia contains the active substance <blank> . <blank> is a type of treatment called treatment for treating antibodies , in children and children from 4 to 4 months to less than 4 weeks - related diseases . treatment : treatment with treatment : treatment with treatment : treatment with treatment of treatment for : treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment for : treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment for : treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment for : treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment for : treatment with treatment of treatment for 17 kg or more at least 17 kg . treatment with treatment in children and adolescents from 4 to 17 months for whom treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for : treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment for : treatment with treatment of treatment for 17 kg or more who have failed to help them breathe .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine , which belongs to a class of benzodiazepine - relieving medicines called medicinal_products . medicinal_products is indicated for the treatment of treatment of treatment : patients with allergic dermatitis who have had at least one treatment due to treatment with benzodiazepine or who have treatment with benzodiazepine or suspected if they have had at least one treatment due to treatment with benzodiazepine or who have had at least one other treatment , and who need to take a full risk of treatment due to treatment with benzodiazepine or who have treatment with other medicines to help protect your disease , and who do not have a risk of treatment before having treatment who do not have a time or those who have treatment with benzodiazepine or who have treatment with other medicines to help protect your disease , and - you have been treated with one or more of the course of treatment .
