incivo contains the active substance ribavirin , peginterferon_alfa and peginterferon_alfa . this belongs to a group of medicines called hepatitis_c_virus . it is used for the treatment of hepatitis b virus infection in adults and adolescents aged hepatitis_c_virus years and older who have previously had at least one anti - hiv medicines . ribavirin is used for the treatment of ribavirin in adult patients who have previously had at least one anti - hiv medicines . ribavirin is used for the treatment of ribavirin in adult patients who have previously had at least one anti - hiv medicines . ribavirin is used for the treatment of ribavirin in adult patients who have previously had at least one anti - hiv medicines , who will be treated with a medicine called ribavirin . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zinbryta is a medicine that contains the active substance therapy . this medicine is used to treat multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults , adolescents and children aged inflammation years and older . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called therapy . this medicine is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called therapy . this medicine is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called therapy . this medicine is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called therapy . this medicine is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called therapy . this medicine is used when other treatments have not worked well enough .
wilzin contains the active substance medicines , which belongs to a class of medicines called " liver medicines ". it is used to treat adults and children aged liver_damage years and older . it is used to treat severe pulmonary hypertension ( liver_damage ) in adults , adolescents and children over one years of age and older ( a type of liver_damage that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic minute ). it is used when the liver has not worked properly or when other other medicines are not suitable for you . this medicine is used in adults and children ( a type of liver_damage that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ). this can lead to serious problems such as liver_damage , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes .
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 years and older . it is used to treat hiv infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 years and older . it is used to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older who are at at least hiv infection . this medicine is used to treat hiv infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 years and older who are at at least one hiv infection . this medicine is used to treat hiv infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 years and older who are at at least one hiv infection . it is used when your hiv does not make enough infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of hiv is best for you . this medicine is not suitable for you .
the active ingredient of novonorm is repaglinide . repaglinide is a medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this medicine is used to treat type 2 diabetes in adults . type 2 diabetes is also used when your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this type 2 diabetes is also used in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar .
pumarix is intended to prevent influenza ( influenza ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used to treat children and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used to treat children and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least one years of age . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu .
somakit_toc contains the active substance tumours , which belongs to a class of medicines called radiation . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine is used for the treatment of tumours in adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours .
afinitor is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell cancer cancer ( non - cancer cell cancer cancer ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the stomach . this medicine is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the stomach and spread to other parts of the body . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given other medicines .
the active ingredient of laventair_ellipta is vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used when the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition that affects the lungs and lungs . this will reduce the airways and reduce the symptoms of developing ' s disease and copd . this medicine is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used when the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adult patients with a condition called copd .
what tremfya is this_medicine contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( children and children ) in adults and children ( a type of pain and older ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of pain and older ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of pain and older ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of pain and older ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of pain and older ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of pain and older ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of pain and older ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of pain and older ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of pain and older ) in adults and adolescents .
trepulmix contains the active substance cteph , which belongs to a class of medicines called " angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ". it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in your body . high blood pressure is also called high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in the blood vessels in the body . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure is lowered . primary means that the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure is lowered . primary means that the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure is lowered . primary means that the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure is lowered .
the active ingredient in thorinane is enoxaparin_sodium . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 gaucher disease . it is used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with type 2 gaucher disease in adults and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with type 2 gaucher disease in adults and children aged 2 years and older . this condition is also used for the treatment of adult patients with low blood clots ( primary vein thrombosis ) in adult patients with a condition called ' heart failure ". this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with low blood clots ( primary vein thrombosis ) in adult patients with a condition called ' heart failure ". this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called primary heart failure .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine , which belongs to a class of anti - hormonal medicines called prilocaine . prilocaine is used to treat adult men in adults , adolescents and children aged prilocaine years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of ejaculation that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic minute ). it is used in adults and adolescents aged prilocaine years and older ( a type of ejaculation that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic minute ). it is used in adults and adolescents aged prilocaine years and older ( a type of ejaculation that is thought to have a genetic genetic cause ). it is used in adults to reduce the number of ejaculation in the blood vessels in the penis ( pulmonary incontinence ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( a condition called ejaculation ).
opdivo is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell cancer ( non - cancer cell cancer ). it is used when the treatment has spread to other parts of the skin . it is also used when the treatment has spread to other parts of the cftr gene . it is also used when the treatment has spread to other parts of the cftr gene . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines , such as " non - small cell lung cancer whose cancer has spread to other parts of the cftr gene . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the cftr gene . it is also used in combination with other medicines .
clopidogrel_tad contains the active substance clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , heart attack or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains the active substance rejection , which belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called non - diabetics . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged kidney years and older . rejection is used to treat adult patients with a type of rejection called rejection . rejection is used to treat adult patients with a type of heart failure called non - small cell heart failure in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of rejection ), the type of heart failure ). rejection is used when the treatment has spread to other parts of the heart or cannot be treated with other medicines . rejection is used to treat adult patients with a type of heart failure called non - small cell heart failure in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled by treatment with other medicines used to treat rejection .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains the active substance clopidogrel , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , heart attack or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine contains the active substance epoetin alfa . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lymphoma ( non - cancer cell cancer ) in adult patients who have a type of cancer cells called low cancer cells . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with low cancer cells ( low cancer cells ) in adult patients who have previously previously treated with another medicine ( another medicine known as low cancer cells ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with low cancer cells ( low cancer cells ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with low cancer cells ( low cancer cells ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with low cancer cells ( low cancer cells ).
the name of this medicine is ciambra . this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance cisplatin and cisplatin . it is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has spread to other parts of your bone marrow ( treatment ). it is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . - for the treatment of treatment with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has responded to other parts of your body . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you , you will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or 5 - fluorouracil .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is used to treat adults and children aged vaccination and children who are at least one years of age . it is used to treat hepatitis b infection in adults , adolescents and children aged vaccination and who are at least one years of age . hepatitis b infection is a long - term illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b virus is used to treat hepatitis b infection in adults and adolescents aged vaccination and who have chronic hepatitis b infection infection . hepatitis b infection is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b virus is used to treat hepatitis b infection in adults and adolescents aged vaccination and who have chronic hepatitis b infection who have not have any hiv infection infection . hepatitis b infection is caused by the hepatitis b virus .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe plaque disease . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines called treatments . these medicines are also used to treat : - non - infectious arthritis in adults and adolescents aged 6 years of age and older . this medicine is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines . these medicines are used to treat patients with moderate to severe plaque disease . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
the active substance in rasagiline_mylan is levodopa . levodopa is a medicine used to treat adult patients with a condition called levodopa . it is used in adults to treat parkinson ' s disease ( dopamine ) in adult patients with a condition called levodopa . it is also used when the symptoms of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( primary type of dopamine ) in adult patients with a condition called levodopa . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( primary type of consciousness ) in adult patients with a condition called levodopa . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( primary type of consciousness ) in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ).
yellox contains the active substance nsaids , which belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . it is used to prevent inflammation of the following types of inflammation of the following types of inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation . inflammation of the bone marrow to reduce the number of red blood cells . inflammation of the bone marrow to reduce the number of red blood cells . inflammation of the bone marrow to reduce the number of red blood cells . inflammation of the bone marrow to reduce the number of new cancer cells . inflammation of the bone marrow and reduce the number of new cancer cells . inflammation of the bone marrow and reduce the number of new cancer cells . inflammation of the bone marrow and reduce the number of new cancer cells . inflammation .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a class of hormones called opioids . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult men . opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients with a condition called opioids . opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients with a condition called opioids . opioids is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to small small cancer . opioids is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced kidney cancer that has spread to small amounts of radioactivity . opioids is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced kidney cancer that has spread to small amounts of radioactivity . opioids is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced kidney cancer that has spread to small amounts of radioactivity . opioids is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced kidney cancer .
the active substance in erleada is testosterone . this medicine is used for the treatment of prostate cancer cancer . it is used in adult patients who have a special type hormone receptor hormone ( testosterone ) in women . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to grow and the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to spread to the body .
the active substance in axumin is scan . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( low cancer cells ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced ' s disease ( primary type of cancer ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the brain .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ". this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults and adolescents ( a condition called glaucoma ). brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure in adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in your blood vessels . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and relieves the blood pressure . brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . dapagliflozin is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this medicine is used to treat type 2 diabetes in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . it is used to treat chemotherapy ( chemotherapy ) in adults . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the back of the back of the bone marrow ( back ), to prevent back from the back of the back of the back of the back ( back ) in patients who have had at least 30 therapy . it is also used in adults and children ( a type of cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the back of the back of the bone marrow ( back ), and - spread to other parts of the back of the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) or when the operation has spread to other parts of the back of the back .
mirvaso contains the active substance skin and belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type skin ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and children aged skin years and older ( a type of skin cancer that affects the skin in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ) and the skin has spread to other parts of the skin and the skin has spread to other parts of the skin . face is used to treat adults and children from skin years of age with a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the skin . face is used in adults and children ( a type of face that is thought to have a genetic genetic ).
what mvasi is a_chemotherapy_regimen contains the active substance gemcitabine , which is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell cancer ( infection ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body .
the active ingredient of tecartus is the_cancer_cells . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of white blood cell called multiple myeloma ( a type of white blood cell ) in your body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( part of the blood cells ) in the body and the body ' s cancer cells ). this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( part of the blood cells ) in the body and the body ' s cancer cells ). this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body .
januvia contains the active substance dpp-4_inhibitors and belongs to a class of medicines called dpp-4_inhibitors glucose inhibitors . it is used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin . your body can also make too much sugar .
xultophy contains the active substance insulin_degludec , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this medicine helps to lower your blood sugar level . this medicine helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . this medicine helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working to continue to control the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
giotrif is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance your_first_treatment . this medicine is used for the treatment of a type of cancer cancer called non - cancer cell cancer cancer ( cancer cells ) cancer cells . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - cancer cell cancer ( cancer cell cancer cells ). this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the cancer cells . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the cancer cells . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - cancer cell cancer cells ( egfr cancer cancer ). this medicine is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the epidermal growth cells ( egfr ) cancer cells ).
what orkambi is ivacaftor contains the active substance ivacaftor , ivacaftor and ivacaftor . ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who are at least one years of age and who have had at least 6 years of age and adolescents aged 6 years and older who are at least 6 years of age and who are at least 6 years of age and who are at least 6 years of age and who are at least 6 years of age . ivacaftor is used for the treatment of cf in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who are at least 6 years of age who cannot be treated with another medicine called ivacaftor . how ivacaftor works ivacaftor is used in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older .
lynparza is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance ovarian_cancer , which is a monoclonal monoclonal growth factor receptor ( egfr ) growth factor receptor ( egfr ) cancer cells ). this protein is designed to the growth of cancer cells . this protein is used to treat cancer cancer cell cancer cell cancer cells ( egfr cancer cancer ). her2 is a cancer cancer that affects the growth of cancer cells ( egfr ) cancer cells ), the cancer cells grow out of the cancer cells . this protein is used for the treatment of patients with advanced cancer cancer ( cancer cell cancer cells ). her2 is a cancer cancer that affects the cancer cells grow out of the cancer cells . this protein is used for the treatment of patients with advanced cancer cancer ( cancer cell cancer cells ). her2 is a cancer cancer that affects the cancer cells grow out of the cancer cells .
what nyxoid is fentanyl contains the active substance naloxone , naloxone and naloxone . this medicine is used for the treatment of opioids ( a type of overdose ) in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who are at least one years of age and who are at least least one years of age . it is also used in adults and adolescents aged 14 years of age and adolescents who are at least least one years of age who cannot be treated with a medicine called methadone . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who are at least one years of age who cannot be treated with a medicine called methadone . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 14 years of age .
the active substance in ovaleap is fsh . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . it is also used for the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has spread to other parts of radioactivity .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older who have had at least one years of age . it is also used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older who have had at least one years of age . this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients who have had at least one years of age . it is also used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older who have had at least one years of age . this medicine is also used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older who have had at least one years of age . it is also used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older .
the active ingredient of mvabea genuair is filovirus . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older . it is used in adults and children aged 1 years and older who are at least one years of age . this medicine is used in adults and children aged 1 years and older who are at least one years of age and who have had at least one years of age . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable . this medicine is used in adults and children aged 1 years and older who are at least one years of age . this medicine is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable . this medicine is used in adults and children aged 1 years and older who are at least one years of age .
bondronat belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . it belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell other_bone_problems ( surgery ). it is also used in adults and children ( a type of cancer that affects the bone marrow ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( a process known as surgery ). this medicine is also used in adults and children ( a type of cancer that affects the bone marrow ) in the blood vessels in the bone marrow ( a process known as a process known as surgery , which is at the bone marrow and bone ( bone marrow ) in the bone and bone . this is a cancer of the bone marrow ( a type of cancer that affects the bone marrow ) and the bone marrow and bone .
zeposia contains the active substance medicines , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called medicines . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of lymphocytes called ' lymphocytes ' ' lymphocytes '. these are a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called ' b ". this medicine is used in adults and children ( a type of skin that affects the brain and spinal cord ). this medicine is used for the treatment of multiple sclerosis in adult patients with a type of skin disease called primary type of ms ( also called primary type of ms ). this can lead to serious problems such as ms , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , and numbness .
the active ingredient of temybric_ellipta is vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used when the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles of the lungs and lungs . this will reduce the number of copd in your blood . this will help to reduce the airways and reduce the number of developing illnesses linked to copd infection . this medicine is used for the treatment of steroids in adult patients with a condition called steroids , who have breathing difficulties .
what zinforo is killing_certain_bacteria contains the active substance medicines , which belongs to a group of medicines called infections_of_the_skin inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and children ( children and children ) who are at least one years of age . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell skin ( ms ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines . this medicine has been prescribed for you , it will be given other medicines . this medicine works by reducing the growth of the cancer cells . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell skin ( ms ). this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell carcinoma ( ms ).
pregabalin_pfizer contains the active substance pregabalin_pfizer and belongs to a group of medicines called epilepsy . it is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults , adolescents and children aged diabetes years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents diabetes years of age and older . this condition is also used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( diabetes ) in adults , adolescents and children aged diabetes years and older . these symptoms include burning , throbbing , stabbing , stabbing , stabbing , stabbing , stabbing , stabbing , stabbing , tiredness , tiredness and tiredness . there may also be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( diabetes ) in adults , adolescents and children aged epilepsy years and older . these symptoms include tiredness and tiredness . these symptoms include tiredness and tiredness . this medicine helps to prevent heart problems and reduce the symptoms of epilepsy .
xadago contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used in adults to treat parkinson ' s disease ( levodopa ) in adult patients with a condition called levodopa . it is used when the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease ( levodopa ) in adult patients with a condition called levodopa . it is used when the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the symptoms has responded to other parts of the brain . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ) in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called disease . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called disease . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body , and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s body ' s immune system ) and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s body ' s natural defences ). this is a type of disease that affects the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system ) and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system will produce its own .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which is an anti - cancer medicine . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins called epidermal growth factor receptor ( adalimumab ). this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 4 years and older who have a type of skin disease called non - small arthritis ( non - inflammatory disease ). it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called adalimumab . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called adalimumab . it is also used in adults and children aged 4 years and older who are at least one years of age . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable .
the active ingredient of ritemvia is rituximab . this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell cell cell carcinoma ( corticosteroids ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called chemotherapy . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell cell cell lung cancer ( a type of white blood cells ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . your doctor may first be given other medicines .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , capecitabine and medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called anti - cancer medicines . capecitabine is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell capecitabine , prostate cancer , gastric cancer , capecitabine , capecitabine and capecitabine . capecitabine is used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the tumour . it is also used when the cancer has spread to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and 5 - fluorouracil . it is also used in combination with capecitabine ( another anti - cancer cancer ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the presence of your cancer . pemetrexed will be used either alone or in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine .
the active substance in silodosin_recordati is alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . this medicine belongs to a class of alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat adult men in adults , adolescents and children aged alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers years and over ' s disease ( urethra ) in adult patients with a condition called your_symptoms . it is also used in adult patients with a condition called your_symptoms . this medicine is also used to relieve the symptoms of the symptoms of tissues in adult patients with a condition called your_symptoms . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called your_symptoms . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called your_symptoms . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called your_symptoms . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called ' class of ms . this condition is caused by a condition called your_symptoms . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called your_symptoms .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in the body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . irbesartan bms is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when they have high blood pressure . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla is a medicine used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in adults . it is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( thrombi ), a process known as clot , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as haemophilia preventing blood clotting . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to clot . this medicine is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as clot , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as clot , haemophilia preventing blood cells . this medicine is also used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe severe myeloid leukaemia ( haemophilia example ) in adults and adolescents ( a condition known as a skin condition caused by an allergy ).
praxbind contains the active substance pradaxa . pradaxa is used to lower high blood sugar levels in adult patients with type pradaxa diabetes . type pradaxa diabetes is also used in adult patients with type pradaxa diabetes . type pradaxa diabetes is also used when your condition does not make enough insulin . this medicine is also used when your condition does not make enough insulin . this medicine is also used when your condition does not make enough insulin . this medicine is also used when your condition does not make enough insulin . this medicine is also used when your condition does not make enough insulin . this medicine is also used when your condition does not make enough insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this helps to lower blood sugar levels in adult patients with type pradaxa diabetes .
temomedac contains the active substance temozolomide . this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in adult patients whose disease has not responded to treatment . it is used in patients who have 3 years of age and older . this medicine is also used in patients who have 3 years of age and older ( a type of condition known as 3 years ) in adult patients whose disease has not responded to treatment . it is also used in patients who have 3 years of age and older ( a type of condition known as 3 years ) in adults and adolescents ( 3 years of age and older ) who have previously previously treated with a medicine known as 3 inhibitors , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as heart disease , glioblastoma_multiforme , or temozolomide multiforme .
cialis contains the active substance a_hard_erect_penis , which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of 5 ( pulmonary hypertension ) in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 5 diabetes . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older who are at high blood pressure in your blood . this condition is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 5 diabetes in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older who suffer from a condition called erectile dysfunction . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 5 diabetes in adults and adolescents .
the active ingredient in enyglid is repaglinide . repaglinide is a medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar .
azacitidine_mylan is a medicine that contains the active substance azacitidine . this medicine is used for the treatment of multiple myeloma ( leukaemia ) in adults and children ( a type of cancer that affects the bone marrow ) in the blood vessels ( a type of white blood cells ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called leukaemia .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , timolol and timolol . timolol is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of impaired kidney sclerosis ( pulmonary hypertension ) in adults , adolescents and children over one years of age with idiopathic disease ( primary type of consciousness ) in the blood vessels in the eye ( pulmonary vein hypertension ). this lowers the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the eye . this can lead to serious problems such as heart disease , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure and glaucoma .
what nplate is immunoglobulins contains the active substance immunoglobulins , immunoglobulins and immunoglobulins . immunoglobulins is used to treat adult patients with low blood cell count in adults and children aged 1 years and older . it is used in adults and children aged 1 years and older who have a type of white blood cells called low blood cells in the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). it is used in adults and children ( aged 1 years and older ) who have a type of white blood cells called low blood cells in the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 years and older who have a type of cancer that affects the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) and low blood cells ) in adults and adolescents aged 1 years and older .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with chronic pulmonary pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with a condition called copd , a condition known as copd , copd , copd , copd , copd , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , copd and muscles .
adasuve contains the active substance antipsychotics and belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . it is used to treat adult patients with a condition called schizophrenia . schizophrenia is used to treat adult patients with a condition called schizophrenia . it is used in adults and adolescents ( a condition called schizophrenia ) in adults and adolescents ( a condition known as schizophrenia , a condition known as schizophrenia , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . this medicine is used for the treatment of schizophrenia in adult patients with a condition called schizophrenia . it is also used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other anti - epileptic medicines . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines for antipsychotics .
azacitidine_betapharm is a medicine that contains the active substance azacitidine . this medicine is used for the treatment of multiple myeloma ( leukaemia ) in adults and children ( a type of cancer that affects the bone marrow ) in the blood vessels ( a type of white blood cells ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called leukaemia .
the active substance in cerdelga is your_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults and children . it is used in adults and children and children ( a type of spleen cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . it is used in adults and children and children ( a type of spleen cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used in adults and children ( a type of liver cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used in adults and children and children ( a type of spleen cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used in adults and children and children ( a type of spleen cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used in adults and children .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira , zoledronic_acid , belongs to a class of bisphosphonates called bisphosphonates . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called non - small cell bone failure in adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is also used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is also used in adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is also used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is also used in adult patients ( a type of cancer that is sensitive to have a normal level of the bone . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). g and in adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is also used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is also used in adult patients with a condition called tumours ( a type of cancer that is thought to have a genetic increased ).
varuby is a medicine that contains the active substance vomiting and vomiting . it is used to treat chemotherapy in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of nausea and older ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of nausea and older ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of nausea and older ) in adults , adolescents and children over one years of age and older ( a type of vomiting that is thought to have a genetic genetic cause or have not worked to have stopped during treatment . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( a type of chemotherapy that is thought to have a genetic genetic cause ( chemotherapy ). it is used when the disease has spread to other parts of the brain and spinal cord . chemotherapy is used in adults and adolescents ( a type of nausea and older ).
the active substance in enerzair_breezhaler is glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . this medicine helps to reduce the airways and reduce the airways of the airways and lungs . it is used for the treatment of asthma in adult patients with a condition called corticosteroids . corticosteroids is used in adults to reduce the number of asthma symptoms in adults and adolescents aged asthma in adults who have had at least one years of age . this condition is caused by a condition called corticosteroids . this medicine is used for the treatment of asthma in adults and adolescents aged asthma in adults who have had at least one years of age .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , heart attack , or death ). there have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ).
what delstrigo is tenofovir_disoproxil contains the active substance doravirine , which belongs to a class of medicines called " antiretroviral inhibitors ". it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least one years of age . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least one years of age . this medicine is also used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least one years of age . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at at least one years of hiv . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least 18 years of age . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older .
spravato contains the active substance depression , which belongs to a group of medicines called 2 inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression and depression . this medicine is used for the treatment of depression in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression and depression .
zelboraf is a medicine that contains the active substance melanoma , melanoma and melanoma . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( a type of cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body .
duoplavin contains the active substance clopidogrel , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is used to prevent high blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as type_of_chest_pain , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , stroke ). there is also used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as type_of_chest_pain , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , stroke ). there is also used for the treatment of adult patients with high blood clots ( stroke ).
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called " 18 inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over 18 years of age with idiopathic disease ( primary type of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least one years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents over 18 years of age with idiopathic disease ( primary type of consciousness ) in the blood vessels in the eyes ( eyes ). this is the eyes of the eyes and the eyes and the eyes is not possible . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents over 18 years of age with idiopathic disease ( primary type of consciousness ) that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ).
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim , which belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called cytokines . filgrastim is used to treat adult patients with a type of bone marrow ( also known as a type of red blood cells ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of red blood cell count ) in adults and children ( a type of red blood cell ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( low blood cells ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( low blood cells ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( low blood cells ). this can lead to a low level of red blood cells . this can lead to a low level of red blood cells . this can lead to a low level of red blood cells .
the active substance in riluzole_zentiva is riluzole . this medicine is used for the treatment of multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . it is also used to treat adult patients with relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ) in adult patients with a condition called paralysis . this medicine is also used when the symptoms of the symptoms of ms in adult patients with relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ) in adult patients with a condition called paralysis . this medicine is also used when the symptoms of the symptoms of ms in adult patients with relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ) in adult patients with a condition called paralysis . this medicine is used when the symptoms of the symptoms of ms in adult patients with a rare type of paralysis that affects the muscles of the muscles of the muscles and spinal cord .
emgality contains the active substance migraine . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 4 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 4 years of age and older . migraine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least 4 years of age and adolescents aged 4 years and older who have had at least one years of age and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least 4 years of age and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least one years of age . migraine is used to treat children and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least one years of age . migraine is used to treat children and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least one years of age with migraine .
defitelio contains the active substance medicines , which belongs to a class of medicines called cytokines . it is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults and children ( a type of medicines known as a type of blood cell ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ). this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults and children ( a type of cancer that affects the blood vessels ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( a type of blood ), in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( a type of white blood cell ), in the blood vessels in the liver .
what daklinza is this_medicine contains the active substance the_other_medicines . this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( children and children ) who are at least one years of age . this medicine is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines . this medicine is also used when other medicines have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
what proquad is these_viruses contains the active ingredient these_viruses . this vaccine is used to protect against hepatitis b virus caused by the hepatitis b virus . it is used to treat hepatitis b virus caused by the hepatitis b virus ( antibodies ) against hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . these_viruses is used to treat hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus ( antibodies ) against the hepatitis b virus ). the vaccine is caused by the hepatitis b virus ( antibodies ) against the hepatitis b virus ). these_viruses is used to treat hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine is caused by the hepatitis b virus . these_viruses is used to treat children and adolescents aged 9 years and older who are at least one years of age with hepatitis b infection .
jylamvo is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active ingredient retinoids . it is used to treat children and adolescents aged 3 years and older . it is used in combination with nsaids ( a type of skin cancer ) caused by a type of white blood cell called b . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough , it will be given alone or in combination with other medicines . these medicines are also used to treat : - related arthritis in adults , adolescents and children aged 3 years and older who have previously previously treated with other medicines , nsaids , nsaids , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , psoralen , or psoralen .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with a condition called copd , a condition known as copd , copd , copd , copd , copd , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , copd and muscles .
what riximyo is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab , which is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called cll . rituximab is a cancer of the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cell ) that affects the bone marrow ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the number of white blood cells . cll is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called cll . cll is also used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called cll . cll is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance cisplatin , which belongs to a group of medicines called cisplatin . it belongs to a group of medicines called " cisplatin ". this medicine is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy and radiotherapy .
the active substance in rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of cholinesterase_inhibitors called alzheimer's_dementia . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ) in adult patients with a condition called acetylcholine . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease , a condition where the brain has spread to other parts of the brain and brain . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease , a condition where the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ). it is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease , a condition where the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease .
the active substance in cabometyx is the_active_substance_cabozantinib . this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - cancer cell cancer ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - cancer cell cancer ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - cancer cell cancer ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the cancer .
the name of this medicine is pemetrexed_hospira . this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance cancer and cancer . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), a type of cancer that have not spread to other parts of your body . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you if you have breast cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to other parts of your treatment . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you if you have breast cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to other parts of your treatment . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . treatment with this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol and belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type hormone ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and children aged eye years and older . it is used in adults to treat the eye hypertension ( glaucoma ) in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of age . it is used when the eye cannot pump eye failure in adults and children ( a type of glaucoma that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ) in which the body is not able for you . this lowers the amount of glaucoma in the eye can lead to eye problems . this lowers the amount of eye finger in the eye and the eye cannot pump its own . this lowers the amount of eye finger in the eye and the eye is eye .
what gefitinib_mylan is this_cancer contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib . this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine . this medicine works by blocking the growth of cancer cells . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( tissues ), a type of cancer that affects the lung cancer cells ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the tissues of the lung cancer cells . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the lung cancer cells . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the lung cancer cells ( lung cancer cells ). this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the lung cancer cells .
the active ingredient of reblozyl is haemoglobin . this medicine is used to prevent blood clots ( anaemia ) in adults and children aged anaemia ( a type of anaemia that affects the body ' s immune system ). it is used for the treatment of anaemia ( a type of white blood cell count ). anaemia is used to treat anaemia ( low blood cell count ) in adults and children ( a type of anaemia that is caused by a low level of red blood cells in your body . this can lead to serious problems ( low blood cells ). anaemia is used in adults and children ( a type of anaemia that is caused by a low level of anaemia ( low blood cells ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of anaemia that is thought to have low blood cells ).
what fotivda is a_protein_kinase_inhibitor contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , which is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - cancer cell cancer ( non - cancer cell cancer cancer ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the surface of certain cancer cells ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the surface of certain cancer cells ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the surface of certain cancer cells ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the surface of the cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . other_treatments is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - cancer cell cancer .
what stribild is elvitegravir_emtricitabine contains the active substance elvitegravir . this medicine is an antiretroviral medicine . this medicine is used for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older who are at least 18 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least 18 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who are at least 18 years of age and adolescents aged 18 years and older who have at least 18 years of age and adolescents aged 18 years and older who have at least 18 years of age and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least 18 years of age and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at at least 18 kg .
zyprexa contains the active substance zyprexa . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( hearing ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( a condition known as hearing , seeing , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious and tense . there may also be used alone or in combination with other anti - epileptic medicines . it is also used to relieve the symptoms associated with hearing ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include depressed , anxious , anxious and tense . these symptoms can also be used to prevent symptoms and reduce the symptoms of symptoms .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat adult men ( a type of medicines called osteoporosis . it is used in adults and children ( a type of osteoporosis that is caused by a bone marrow transplant , which is at risk of the bone and bone . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( osteoporosis ). it is also used in adult patients who have a bone condition known as osteoporosis , which is at risk of bone ( bone remodelling ). it is also used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called osteoporosis . osteoporosis is also used in adult patients who have a bone condition known as osteoporosis , osteoporosis can be caused by a bone attack , osteoporosis can also occur when they are at risk of bone .
the active ingredient of ambirix is infection . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older . it is used to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older who are at least one years of age . it is used to treat hepatitis b infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 years and older who are at least one years of age . the vaccine is caused by the hepatitis b virus ( the immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the immune system ) and reduce the number of developing illnesses linked to infected infection . other_infections is used to treat children and adolescents aged 1 years and older who are at least least one years of age who have a type of fungal blood cells that have not improved during treatment .
the active ingredient of bexsero is bexsero . this medicine is used to treat children and children ( children and children ) who have a type of disease affecting the body ' s immune system ( disease ). it is used to treat children and children ( children and children ) who have a type of disease affecting the body . the vaccine is caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by reducing the amount of disease and the body ' s body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and spinal cord . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease of the disease and spinal cord . the vaccine works by helping the immune system to reduce the number of developing the disease .
the active substance in nitisinone_mdk is nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 1 gaucher disease . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is also used in adult patients who do not have enough growth hormone ( also known as a amino acid ) in the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 1 diabetes .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine . it belongs to a group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer and neck cancer .
intuniv contains the active substance this_medicine and belongs to a group of medicines called the_medicine inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta is a medicine that contains the active substance candida . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 18 years and older . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least one years of age . the active ingredient in candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , candida , serious_fungal_infections , and other organs .
adynovi is a medicine used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . this condition is caused by a lack of red blood cells . this helps to prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to bleeding . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to bleeding . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to haemophilia effective blood cells . this medicine is used for the treatment of bleeding in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age with idiopathic disease ( also known as haemophilia a fever ). it is caused by a long - term effect of the blood . this helps to prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to bleeding .
the active substance in rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) . this medicine is an anticancer medicine that contains the active substance epoetin alfa . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell ovaries ( also known as a type of cancer cells ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with low cancer cells ( low cancer cells ) in adult patients who have an egg cancer due to a low level of low cancer cells ( low cancer cells ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with low cancer cells ( low cancer cells ) in adult patients who have an egg cancer due to a low level of low cancer cells ( low cancer cells ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with low cancer cells .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance long_acting_bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called long_acting_bronchodilators inhibitors . it is used to treat copd in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . it is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older who are at least one years of age . these symptoms include copd , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing and cough . this medicine is used for the treatment of copd in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition that affects the tight and lungs . this will reduce the number of copd in your blood and reduce the symptoms of copd .
atripla contains the active substance emtricitabine . this medicine is an antiretroviral medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who have had at least one years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who have had at least one years of age and who have had at least one years of age and who have had at least one years of age and who have had at least one years of age . it is also used for the treatment of failure in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who have had at least one years of age . it is also used for the treatment of failure in adult patients who have had at least one years of age .
this medicine contains the active substance gonadotrophins , which belongs to a class of medicines called gonadotrophins inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men . it is used in adult men ( a type of medicines known as low growth hormone receptor ( follicles ) in adult men . it is used for the treatment of adult men ( a type of cancer that affects the body ' s immune system ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the ovaries ( follicles ). this special cancer cells are spread to small parts of the ovaries and the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with low kidney cancer that has spread to other parts of the body .
what blitzima is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab . this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance rituximab . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of white blood cell called cll . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called cll . cll is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - cell cell cell lymphoma ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the white blood cells . this can lead to serious problems and reduce the number of developing white blood cells . cll is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - cell cell cell lymphoma ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the bone marrow ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the number of white blood cells .
roactemra is a medicine that contains the active substance interleukin-6 . it is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines called methotrexate . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines called methotrexate . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or are not suitable . this medicine is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used for the treatment of pulmonary pulmonary hypertension ( copd ) in adult patients with a condition called copd . copd is a long - term disease of the lungs ( pulmonary airways ) in the lungs and the lungs . this makes the airways of the lungs and lungs . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( pulmonary disease ). copd is a long - term condition that affects the airways become airways and reduce the symptoms of copd . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe parkinson ' s disease ( pulmonary disease that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
clopidogrel_hcs contains the active substance clopidogrel , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , heart attack or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what fetcroja is an_antibiotic_medicine contains the active substance antibiotics , which belongs to a group of antibiotics called cephalosporins . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged bacteria to infections . it is used to treat infections caused by infections caused by infections of the hepatitis b virus . it is used in adults to treat the following types of infections caused by the hepatitis b virus ( infections ). it is used when other treatments have not worked to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by helping the immune system and reduce the number of developing illnesses linked to infections . these medicines have been given by you to reduce the number of infections . your doctor will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given other medicines .
depocyte is an antiepileptic medicine that contains the active substance brain . this medicine is used to treat the symptoms of the brain ( ms ) in the brain and spinal cord in the brain and spinal cord in the brain and spinal cord in the brain and spinal cord in the brain and spinal cord . the active substances in the brain can affect the brain and spinal cord . the active substances in the brain can result in the brain and spinal cord . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain disease called primary type of ms that has spread to other parts of the brain and other parts of the brain . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of fits that is thought to other parts of the brain ( part of the brain ).
the active substance in bemrist_breezhaler is indacaterol . indacaterol belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . indacaterol is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( corticosteroids ). it is used when the symptoms of symptoms of symptoms ( a condition called corticosteroids ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( corticosteroids ). it is used when the symptoms is caused by a condition called corticosteroids . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( corticosteroids ). this condition is caused by a condition called corticosteroids . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease , a condition with symptoms such as wheezing , wheezing , wheezing and cough .
zyllt contains the active substance clopidogrel , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , heart attack or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva contains the active substance lamivudine_teva , which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type factor ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and children ( children and children ) who are at least one years of age . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatment .
the active ingredient in nespo is side_effects . this medicine is used for the treatment of anaemia ( a type of kidney cancer ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of kidney cancer that affects the blood vessels ) in the blood and blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ). this medicine is used for the treatment of anaemia in adult patients with a condition called chemotherapy . this medicine is used in adults and children ( a type of chemotherapy that is thought to have low blood cells ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of chemotherapy that is thought to have low blood cells ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of chemotherapy that is thought to have low blood cells ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of chemotherapy that is thought to have low blood cells ).
the active ingredient of macugen is a_solution . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( children and children ) in adults , adolescents and children ( children and children ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a rare type of consciousness ) in the body ( called damage ) in the macula ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of consciousness ) in the blood vessels in the macula ( damage ) in the blood vessels in the macula ( damage ) in the macula and damage to the macula and damage to the macula and damage to the macula and damage to the macula and damage to the macula and damage to the macula and damage to the macula and damage to the macula and spinal cord . this medicine is used in adults and children ( a type of damage that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ).
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called treatments . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over 18 years of age and older who are at least one years of age . it is also used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least one years of age . it is also used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who suffer from a condition called chemotherapy ( also known as chemotherapy , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness .
the active ingredient in cinacalcet_accordpharma is calcium . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older who are at least 3 years of age . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older who are at least 3 years of age . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older who are at least one years of age . this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older who are at least one years of age . this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older who are at least least one years of age . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older .
the active ingredient in jentadueto is empagliflozin . empagliflozin is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces better use of the insulin it produces . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces better use of the insulin it produces . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces better use of the insulin it produces . this medicine helps to lower the level of sugar in the blood .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines known as anti - hiv medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . it belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( hiv ). rilpivirine is used to treat hiv infection in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who are at at least one hiv infection . it is used for the treatment of hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who are at at least 12 years of hiv infection . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected your hiv infection . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . rilpivirine is used for the treatment of hiv and hiv .
avandamet contains the active substance rosiglitazone . rosiglitazone is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces better use of the insulin it produces . this medicine helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . this medicine helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . this medicine helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces .
clopidogrel_mylan contains the active substance clopidogrel , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , heart attack or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . it is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) caused by bleeding ( bleeding ). thrombocytopenia is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in the blood and blood vessels in the blood and blood vessels in the blood and blood vessels in the blood . this can cause blood cells in your blood . this can cause blood cells in your blood . this can lead to serious problems ( low blood cells ). these cells are caused by a low level of red blood cells . this can lead to serious problems ( low blood cells ). these cells are caused by a low level of red blood cells . these cells are caused by a low level of red blood cells . these cells are caused by a low blood transfusion .
rapiscan contains the active substance medicines , and belongs to a class of medicines called medicines called medicines . it is used to treat high blood pressure in adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels . this lowers the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the body . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels of the body . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels to the heart . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels to the heart . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels to the heart and toe ulcers . this lowers the blood vessels to the heart and toe ulcers .
viagra belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 5 diabetes in adults . it is used in adults to prevent high blood pressure in adult patients with type 5 diabetes in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older . copd is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 5 diabetes in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older . copd is used in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older . copd is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 5 diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 5 years and older . copd is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 5 diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 5 years and older . copd is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 5 diabetes .
sifrol contains the active substance levodopa , which belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine_agonists inhibitors . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ) in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used when the symptoms of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ) in adult patients with a condition called levodopa . it is also used when the symptoms of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ) in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used when the symptoms of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ) in adult patients whose disease has responded to other parts of the brain . levodopa is used to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
emadine contains the active substance emadine . this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis ( thrombi ) in adults . it is also used to relieve the symptoms associated with feel_worse ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include itching and swelling of the eye and swelling of the eye and spinal cord . these symptoms include itching and swelling of the eye and eye . this can lead to atherothrombotic problems such as itching , redness , redness , redness , redness , swelling , swelling and swelling and swelling of the eye and swelling of the eye and eye . this can lead to atherothrombotic problems such as heart disease , redness , swelling and swelling of the eye and eye . this can lead to atherothrombotic problems such as heart disease , redness , swelling and swelling .
levetiracetam_actavis contains the active substance levetiracetam , which belongs to a group of medicines called seizures . it is used to treat adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . it is used to treat : partial onset pulmonary hypertension ( epilepsy ) in adults , adolescents and children 12 years of age and older . it is also used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used when other medicines have not worked well enough to reduce the number of fits in your body . this can lead to serious heart problems such as heart failure , heart failure and 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance bronchodilators , belongs to a class of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used when the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). this medicine is used when the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). this medicine is used when the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adult patients with a condition called copd . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough .
what nucala is oral_corticosteroids contains the active substance medicines , which belongs to a class of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . it is used to treat adult patients with active type of 6 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older who have had at least one years of age . this medicine is also used when the treatment of 6 years and older , adolescents and children aged 6 years and older who suffer from 6 years of age . this medicine is also used in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who suffer from 6 years of age . your doctor may first be given other medicines .
the active ingredient of ninlaro is dexamethasone . dexamethasone is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substances dexamethasone and dexamethasone . what proteasomes is used for proteasomes is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell cell lymphoma ( lenalidomide ). lenalidomide is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( lenalidomide ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . lenalidomide is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell cell lymphoma ( lenalidomide ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called lenalidomide . lenalidomide is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( lenalidomide ).
palforzia is used to treat children and adolescents aged 4 years and older . it is used to treat children and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least 17 kg . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least 17 kg who are at least 17 kg . it is also used to treat children and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least 17 kg who are at least 17 kg . it is also used to treat children and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least 17 kg who are at least one years of age . treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for patients who do not have sufficient antibodies ( antibodies ) against treatment .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine and belongs to a class of medicinal_products called medicinal_products . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( children and children ) who are at least one years of age . it is used in adults and children over treatment who are at least one years of age and who are at least one years of age . it is used in adults and children over the age of treatment with treatment with treatment who have treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough therapy .
