incivo contains the active substance ribavirin . peginterferon_alfa belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . peginterferon_alfa is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus infection in adults . it must be administered in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b virus . this will improve your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hepatitis_c_virus infection . previously untreated patients : the combination of ribavirin biopartners with ribavirin is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zinbryta can be used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple inflammation ( ms ) in adults . ms is a long - term condition that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation ), including inflammation of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves in the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves in the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves in the brain and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms .
wilzin contains the active substance miglustat hydrochloride . it belongs to a group of medicines called " neurokinin kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat adults and children of medicines ( a type of liver infection that affects the brain ), to the brain and spinal cord . it is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lot of a liver condition called " radiopharmaceuticals . it can lead to loss of liver damage in the liver , and other organs are not able to eliminate nitrogen . this can cause the liver to remain , such as the liver and eyes . this may cause the liver to remain harder . this may cause it easier for the liver to pump blood through them . this may cause the liver to remain , and improves the course of the disease . onpattro is used to treat adult patients with a condition called liver_damage .
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus 1 ( hiv - 1 ) infection , a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( hiv - 1 ). this is the hiv that causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ( aids ). it is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to treat adults , adolescents and children 1 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you because you have hiv infection . infection when your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat your child ( human immunodeficiency virus infection ). infection by your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the blood can cause flu . dutrebis is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to treat adults and children 1 years of age and older , who your_immune_system at least 1 kilograms hiv .
novonorm tablets contain two different insulin called repaglinide and repaglinide . both of these substances help to control your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . it can also develop if the body produces too much treatment . insulin is a substance which helps to lower the level of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed treatment to lower the blood sugar , which helps to prevent complications from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you to your doctor .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent flu ( flu ). it is given to children from 18 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated to prevent pandemic flu caused by the h5n1 type of the flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about the vaccine , your doctor will give the vaccine . all flu vaccine h5n1 astrazeneca is used to prevent flu in adults and adolescents from 18 years of age .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substance tumours ( also known as tumours ). it is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines , such as tumours medicines , and in adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines . it is also used to identify an adult the following organ in adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is also used in combination with other medicines : these medicines have not worked well enough and are not suitable for you . the use of tumours does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
afinitor contains the active substance everolimus , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the pancreas . the target of proteins is another protein called tumour necrosis growth factor receptor ( vegf ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor to reduce the growth of cancer cells . this medicine can be used for the treatment of advanced breast cancer ( advanced cancer of the large intestine ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it may also be used when other therapies have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . advanced non - small cell lung cancer is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell called a " epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). it will be given in combination with chemotherapy treatment containing a medicine used to treat cancer .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the muscles in your airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly .
tremfya contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of skin medicine that attaches to a specific target in the skin . this medicine is used to treat adults with moderate to severe plaque pain , a condition with symptoms such as burning , itching , itching or scaling . this medicine can cause pain , itching and scaling . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , itching , itching , pain , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling and pain . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , itching or scaling . this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms of pain such as itching , itching and scaling . if you have active questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
trepulmix contains the active substance telmisartan which belongs to a group of medicines called ' angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists '. it is used for the treatment of symptoms of high blood pressure in adult patients with high blood pressure , if their blood pressure is not properly . you may have a high blood pressure in your blood vessels to treat high blood pressure . high blood pressure increases the workload of the heart and lungs . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the heart and lungs . high blood pressure increases the workload of the heart and lungs . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the heart , lungs , and other organs , leading to the blood vessels of your lungs . this can lead to high blood pressure in the heart and brain .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . it is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " plasma - lymphocyte ". which is found in large amounts on the body . in adults , it helps to reduce blood clots from forming in your blood . this can cause blood clots from forming in your blood . this can lead to a reduction in the platelet way to lower blood clots from forming in your blood . this can cause blood clots from forming in your blood . however , these can help to lower the chance of a blood clot forming in your blood . what is strensiq used for zontivity is used in adults to treat : - symptomatic ' s syndrome ' in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . in adults 2 gaucher disease is a condition which occurs when your blood does not make enough of your blood to clot , causing it harder to break and blood clots causing operation . in adults , it helps to reduce blood clots from forming in your blood vessels . this can cause blood clots from forming in your vessels and so reduces the chance of a blood clot forming that can reduce blood flow . what possia is used for possia is used in adults with a type of skin disease called ' peripheral angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( also known as ' unstable angina ' and ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed heart flow to restore effective blood flow .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine . prilocaine is a member of a class of medicines called sodium agonists . it is used to treat adult patients with erectile dysfunction who do not go dysfunction . it is also for use in adult patients who do not have erectile dysfunction . it is also for use in adult men with erectile dysfunction . it is also used to relieve the urinary system , such as ejaculation . it is also a man for diagnostic use only . it also works by increasing the amount of liquid that reaches the head and head . this may cause the penis for the head , making it easier for air to get in and out of the head . when used regularly , it can help to close the ability of the penis for the penis to restore it easier for air to the penis , allowing it easier to breathe .
opdivo is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target protein in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . these_other_medicines belongs to a group of anti - cancer medicines called advanced antibodies . advanced_melanoma is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called advanced cutaneous non - small cell lung cancer ". when a test is given in combination with nivolumab , these anti - cancer medicines , it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines . if you have any questions about these medicines , please ask your doctor . these medicines will be given other medicines - modifying medicines , such as other_anti-cancer_medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given nivolumab to treat your following either advanced kidney cancer . it may also be used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines , it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines . if you have any questions about these medicines , ask your doctor .
clopidogrel_tad contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( e . g . liver , kidney , kidney ), your body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . rejection is used to treat rejection in adults . rejection is a condition that causes your body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to heart infection . rejection is a condition in which your body ' s immune system will try to reject the attack . this medicine is called a type of heart pain that happens when you have had a hospital or when you have been given to your current treatment . rejection can be used in combination with other anti - epileptic medicines to adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to help prevent your epilepsy .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest this_condition known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed this_condition to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
what yttriga is and how it works another_medicine contains the active substance ' a_radioactive_medicine '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also that is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell ') ' ( also that may be taken with a medicine to treat a certain type of white blood cell . it is used together with other medicines : together with another medicine to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' rituximab ' or ' non - fallopian transfer ' or ' zygote intra - fallopian transfer ' or ' zygote intra - fallopian transfer ". in adult patients , whose medicine is used together with another medicine called ' antiretrovirals ' ( medicines for treating cancer ) to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - fallopian transfer ". if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial stage of your disease . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial stage of your disease . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . this medicine helps to protect you against the hepatitis c virus infection . what vaccination is used for vaccination , the active ingredient in vaccination , vaccination , belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called vaccination . vaccination is used to treat fungal infections caused by fungal infections caused by other types of the body . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus , which causes the hepatitis c virus . this stops the infection to become infected infection caused by other types of haemophilus influenzae infection . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it causes the infection to become infected infection caused by other types of haemophilus influenzae infections . hepatitis b is an infection of the hepatitis b virus . it causes the infection to become infected infection caused by the hepatitis b virus .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - inflammatory drugs '. it contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . crohn's_disease is also used in adults and children 6 years of age or older for : crohn ' s disease ulcerative colitis . plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given treatments to : treat active crohn ' s disease , an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given treatments to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your skin that have not been controlled by other medicines or surgery .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa and it is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a loss of parathyroid brain in the brain . if you have any questions about how atectura accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of a hormone called " brain " that helps to keep it easier to breathe and reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids , which are used to treat inflammation in the inflammation . nsaids is used to prevent inflammation in adults who have had a bone marrow transplant inflammation due to a group of medicines called nsaids , which are in the inflammation , which can be caused by repetitive trauma , as the operation , bone marrow or bone marrow , and bone marrow , bone marrow , red or bone marrow , and bone marrow , bone marrow , red or bone marrow , and bone marrow , red blood cells . nsaids can be used in adults to treat the following types of fungal inflammation in adults who have had a bone marrow transplant inflammation due to a group of medicines called nsaids . it is used to prevent inflammation of the throat and to increase the number of inflammation caused by inflammation .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong pain - relieving medicines called opioids . opioids act to act by helping the body to release substances . what opioids is used for opioids is used to treat prostate cancer in adult patients who have had a bone marrow transplant resistant to the prostate - resistant prostate cancer . it is used together with a medical medicine called opioids . duavive is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients with prostate cancer . it is used together with a medicine called sufentanil and sufentanil . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , it is used in combination with opioids ( which allows the strength of the female hormone testosterone in women who have been exposed to a medical level of prostate cells called follicle - induced hypercalcaemia ( opioids ).
erleada is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , which is used to treat adult men with prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . adult multiple sclerosis , surgical_treatment is used : to treat adult men who have low levels of a hormone called hormone receptor hormone ( testosterone ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the body . it is used in adult women who have been broken and cannot be treated with a medicine called surgical_treatment and testosterone . if you have any questions about how turner celgene works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about your cancer .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains a substance called scan which is used to help diagnose alzheimer ' s disease . it is given in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it contains the active substance scan ( a type of medicine that treats the receptors in the body ). it is used in adults who have not been treatment and for whom a test . the use of scan does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation . please refer to the package leaflet of the medicine that is to be radiolabelled with lumark . it is important to note that the clinical benefit of scan does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called antineovascularisation agents . brinzolamide ii is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when brinzolamide alone is known to prevent pressure in the eye . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels causing several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , damage to the blood vessels of the eye . brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough with either damage to or prevent high blood pressure to verify if it is within the levels of water . this lowers the blood pressure , relieves the symptoms and improves the formation of developing the eye , reduce the risk of developing the blood vessels in the eye .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . it belongs to a group of medicines called mouth glucose co - transporter - 2 ( sglt2 ) inhibitors . it is used to treat type 2 diabetes . people with type 2 diabetes either don ' t make enough insulin ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ), or don ' t respond normally to the body their body makes . your doctor will check whether tandemact is working 1 to 18 months after you start taking it . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or if the body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance cancer_cells . it is used to treat adults and children from 30 to 30 years old with : cervical cancer ( cancer of the bone marrow ) in adults and children . 30 is a cancer of the back of the blood . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over 30 year old who are receiving surgery . chemotherapy is a cancer of the bone . if you have any questions about these treatments , you will be given chemotherapy to reduce the amount of fractures . these will be taken from you or from a donor . the stem cells will then go back into the bloodstream and surgery . chemotherapy is used to prevent 30 in adults who have a bone marrow transplant at a bone marrow transplant . chemotherapy is used in adults and adolescents .
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines called skin agents . skin is a chemical that occurs naturally in the skin and so causes blood vessels to narrow and belongs to the group of medicines called skin antagonists . blood_vessels is used to treat adults and children from skin years of age with high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels in the skin in the skin ( the blood vessels in the skin ( the blood vessels ) that carry blood from the skin to the skin ). to reduce the amount of blood_vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the skin ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the skin to the face . this lowers the blood vessels inside the skin and the skin . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your doctor .
mvasi contains the active substance carboplatin , which is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ). chemotherapy_treatment binds selectively to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which is found on the lining of blood and lymph vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced kidney cancer ( a type of kidney cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . advanced non - small cell lung cancer is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell called a ' plasma cell hormone . it will be administered in combination with paclitaxel and paclitaxel . the active substance in gemcitabine , gemcitabine , is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called hormone receptor - positive non - small cell lung cancer equidacent is also used in combination with gemcitabine , for patients who have previously tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
tecartus can be used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' multiple myeloma '. this is a cancer of the blood which affects the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood and blood vessels in the body such as the body . these are a type of blood cancer . these white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal bone can lead to blood vessels in your body . a reduction in the amount of this blood vessels in the bone marrow ( part of the immune system ) that the blood vessels grow out of control . in adults , it helps to reduce the number of white blood cells in your blood . this will help to reduce the effects of the illness .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , sulphonylureas , or glitazones ) that lower blood sugar , which you may already be taking for your diabetes together with a food and exercise plan . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
xultophy contains the active substance duloxetine . it is used to lower blood sugar levels in adults with type 2 diabetes . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed basal_insulin to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . it may be used alone or with some other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , basal_insulin , or diabetes ). what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and diabetes .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance your_first_treatment . this medicine is used to treat adults with a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). this medicine works by slowing down the growth and spread of cancer cells and the cancer cells multiply out of control . this medicine works by blocking this process , stopping cancer cells from growing and making new cells . this means that the cancer cells multiply and the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called " non - small cell lung cancer ". if a medicine is given in combination with cetuximab ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
orkambi is a medicine that contains the active substance ivacaftor . ivacaftor is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c in patients aged 6 years and older with cystic fibrosis ( cystic fibrosis ) who are at least one and who are at least one other medicine for cystic fibrosis in their lives . ivacaftor is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older who are already treated with cystic fibrosis . in patients with cystic fibrosis ( cystic fibrosis ) is used to treat cf in patients aged 6 years and older who have cystic fibrosis to treat a certain inherited inherited disease called lung disease ( cystic fibrosis ) in patients aged 6 years and older with cf who have not been treated with cystic fibrosis in their lives . how ivacaftor works ivacaftor seems to work by stopping the body ' s cell defences . it does this by : it reduces the number of attacks and to slow the progression of disability .
lynparza contains the active substance the_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor ovarian_cancer ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe ontruzant for the treatment of : a cancer of your cancer . cancer cells have a particular change ( mutation ) in a gene called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe ontruzant for the treatment of : a cancer of your cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . fentanyl is a medicine that helps to reduce blood sugar levels . opioids is used to treat dependence ( a type 14 overdose ) in adults and children ( aged 14 years and older ) who weigh at least 14 kg . how buprenorphine works this medicine works by blocking a substance called methadone . this helps to reduce the effects of overdose . what methadone is used for this medicine is used in adults and adolescents ( over 14 years of age and older ) who are already receiving medical , social and psychological support . how methadone works the active substance in methadone , methadone , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium - 1 ( il - 1 ) inhibitors . this medicine works by reducing the amount of overdose . this medicine helps to reduce the effects of overdose . this medicine helps to reduce the effects of overdose .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which is a hormone known as a follicle - stimulating hormone ( fsh ) which belongs to the class of hormones called fsh , which are involved in the development of sperm . they help your body to fight infections . what is treatment for treatment of your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your body ' s disease and reduce the risk of several follicles . what is treatment for ? your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your body ' s disease and reduce the risk of several illnesses ( low levels of several follicles ) and can be used in combination with other medicines to treat : women with a certain type of lung disease called ' non - small cell hormone ". if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole hikma is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when this medicine is used for patients , adolescents , children and infants ( including full - term newborn babies ) : - fungal infections ( fungal infections of fungal infections caused by scedosporium sp ) in adults and adolescents 2 years of age and older . patients with this rare fungal infections : chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( non-neutropenic ), a serious form of fungal white blood cell , due to a lack of serious b problems , in patients who have had a bone marrow transplant candida_sp._infections sp . patients who are born have high risk of developing a fungal risk of developing a fungal risk of developing a fungal risk of developing multiple sclerosis . patients who have had a have low risk of developing a fungal risk of developing a fungal risk of developing multiple sclerosis . patients who have had a bone marrow transplant damaged or who are expected to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cell ) for candida_sp._infections days or more . - patients who have had have high risk of developing a fungal infection , such as : - patients who have a weak infection due to a low level of certain effects .
mvabea vaccine is a vaccine used to prevent ebola_virus_disease in adults aged 1 year and older . the active ingredient in this_vaccine , filovirus , belongs to a group of medicines called filovirus . what this_vaccine is used for died is used to treat ebola_virus_disease in adults aged 1 year and above who have already been treated with other treatments to help protect against the diseases caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the virus that causes the ebola infection . this will help to reduce the number of the illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid sandoz is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called ' bone metastases '). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it also helps to prevent other bone problems that may need surgery or surgery . ibandronic acid accord can also be prescribed if you have a raised level level in your blood due to a tumour . iasibon works by reducing the amount of calcium that is lost from your bones . this helps to prevent weaker from your bones . this helps to prevent weaker from your bones . iasibon works by reducing the amount of calcium that is lost from your bones . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker .
zeposia contains the active substance zeposia , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines that affect your body ' s immune system to help fight your brain and spinal cord . what plegridy is used for emselex is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( a type of lymphocytes that affects the brain and spinal cord , in which the body ' s immune system is thought to play an important part in the brain which damages the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the b cells causes nerve and spinal cord . this reduces the symptoms of ms . what plegridy is used for ocrevus is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( lymphocytes ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting ms symptoms ( a type of white blood cell count ) in patients whose immune system is damaged and does not function properly . ms is a long - term condition in which the body ' s immune system is thought to play an important part in the process which damages the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the functioning of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the functioning of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the functioning of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the functioning of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the functioning of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the functioning of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the functioning of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the functioning of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the functioning of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the b cells
what temybric_ellipta is and how it works a_quick-acting_inhaler contains two active substances : - vilanterol and vilanterol . these belong to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the muscles in your airways , which helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small air passages to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control the airways and relieve it easier to breathe and reduce the airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ).
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " bcl - 2 inhibitors ". it is used to treat adults with a form of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is also used to treat adults with a certain type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . these diseases affect the skin and spinal cord , called the skin and spinal cord , called the skin and spinal cord , called the skin and spinal cord , called the skin and spinal cord , called the skin and spinal cord , called the skin and spinal cord , called the skin and spinal cord , called the skin and spinal cord , called the skin and spinal cord , called the skin and spinal cord , called the skin and spinal cord , called the skin and spinal cord , called the skin and spinal cord , called the skin and spinal cord , called the skin and spinal cord , called the skin and spinal cord , called the skin and spinal cord , called the skin and spinal cord , called the skin and spinal cord , causing the skin and spinal cord , causing the skin and the skin cells become skin and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the skin and spinal cord , causing preventing the growth of the cancer .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of epilepsy ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take tiredness in addition to your current treatment . fatigue is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with fatigue ( another medicine for epilepsy or tiredness ) in adults and adolescents from epilepsy to help prevent epilepsy ( feeling " sleep disorder ) in adults and adolescents from epilepsy years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
xadago contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is a medicine used in the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of a substance called dopamine in the brain . levodopa is used to reduce the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with other medicines : levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used in combination with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used in combination with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisone . testosterone is used to treat adults with a type of disease called multiple myeloma . disease is a condition in which the body produces too much of a hormone called disease . disease is a condition in which the body produces too much of a hormone called disease . a natural hormone called testosterone is found in high levels of calcium in the blood . the natural substances in disease is testosterone for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma . when used for multiple myeloma , testosterone is used in combination with prednisone , for adult patients with a type of body called multiple myeloma . prednisone is also used for the treatment of adult patients with high levels of multiple myeloma , when used : - adult patients with a type of body called multiple myeloma . it is used in combination with prednisone , although it may also be used in combination with prednisone or prednisolone or with other anti - cancer medicines .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 4 ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells and in the eye . by attaching to tnf , adalimumab blocks its action and reduces the inflammation caused by the production of the eye . this may help to reduce the associated of the disease . the active ingredient in adalimumab , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnf ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnf , adalimumab blocks its action and reduces the skin cells from growing and causing them .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies makes the immune system to attack the cancer cells . what is rituximab is used for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lymph nodes . the lymphocytes are found in large cells on the surface of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the amount of cancer cells . it also slows down the worsening of the disease caused by the disease and to increase the chance of the disease , and to slow the progression of the disease and impact of the disease .
capecitabine_teva belongs to the group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine accord is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , capecitabine medac is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with capecitabine or capecitabine . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , capecitabine is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine .
what silodosin_recordati is the active substance in your_symptoms is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers analogues . it is used to treat prostate conditions in the bladder . it is used in adult men to treat the urinary symptoms associated with benign enlargement of the prostate ( prostatic hyperplasia ), such as : difficulty in starting to pass water , a feeling frequent need to pass water , even at night . the symptoms of a woman reaches the symptoms of this symptoms may appear such as a fall , sensation in the bladder , a more frequent need to pass water , even at night . the symptoms of a woman reaches the symptoms of this can cause a feeling frequent need to pass water , even at night . benefits with this condition may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , or feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , and becoming pain . the symptoms can also vary when you are sexually stimulated . it reduces the symptoms of your everyday life .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . high_blood_pressure blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clot and stop bleedings . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent clot episodes in adults with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). factor viii is a disease in which the clot does not make enough clot , or the factor viii ( the body ' s natural defences ) and its own blood viii . elocta is used in adults to treat the following types of bleeding disease in adults and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). factor viii is necessary to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and can be caused by allergy to animals , house - dust mites or moulds to name effective blood clotting .
praxbind contains pradaxa , which is an anti - inflammatory medicine used to treat blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used to treat and prevent blood clots in adult patients with type blood_clot_formation diabetes mellitus . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa is used to treat a certain form of blood_clot_formation called ' type pradaxa diabetes mellitus '. pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa is used to treat a certain form of blood_clot_formation called ' type pradaxa diabetes mellitus '. pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or with some other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or with some other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment .
temomedac contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . temodal is first used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in adults and children and adolescents of 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in adults and children and adolescents of 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will only help you to get an sexually penis for erectile dysfunction . sildenafil lilly is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as poor suitable for sexual dysfunction . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . men with this medicine if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction .
enyglid contains the active substance repaglinide which helps to lower your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your pancreas does not make enough insulin to control the sugar in your blood or where your body does not respond normally to the insulin it produces . insulin is a substance which helps your pancreas to increase the production of insulin when your blood sugar is high . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , metformin and complications . how does synjardy work ? heart medicine helps to lower the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decrease the amount of sugar in the blood . the substance vildagliptin works by making the pancreas produce more insulin and less glucagon . this helps to keep the blood sugar level .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine acid , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and binds to a specific target substance in the body . azacitidine accord is used to treat : - higher - risk myelodysplastic syndromes ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and develops in the bone marrow . these cells collect in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of the spine and spinal cord . these cells collect in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of the spine and therefore reduces the risk of developing cancer cells . azacitidine accord is also used in adults to treat : - small cell leukaemia in patients who have experienced a bone marrow transplant due to a low level of certain multiple sclerosis . azacitidine accord is also used in adults who have experienced a bone marrow transplant due to a low risk of certain multiple sclerosis . azacitidine accord is also used in adults who have experienced a bone marrow transplant due to a low risk of certain multiple sclerosis . azacitidine syndrome is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a class of substances called " timolol analogues ". timolol is used to reduce high pressure in the eye in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of age . tracleer can lead to high pressure in the eye . pressure can lead to high pressure in the eye . pressure can lead to loss of vision responsible in the eye , eye or eye , and eye problems , leading to vision damage in the eye and lead to vision pressure in the eye , eye , eye and eye eyes , eye damage , eye damage and eye failure . stayveer works by reducing the amount of liquid that is drained . this pressure is used to reduce high blood pressure in the eye . onpattro is used to improve pressure in the eye in adults with a condition called glaucoma . tracleer reduces the eye glands to reduce pressure causing the eye and spinal cord .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , a protein that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein immunoglobulins in your blood . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology . it works in exactly the same way as platelets . immunoglobulins is used to treat adult patients with a form of immunoglobulins called bone hormone . it can be used in adult patients with a type of immunoglobulins called corticosteroids . itp is a condition in which the bone marrow produces too many red blood cells , red blood cells and haemoglobin . in new blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very small structures in the bone marrow . red blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very small structures in the bone marrow . red blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very small structures in the bone marrow . red blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent multiple myeloma .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in your lungs , which helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work by blocking the small airways in your lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small air passages in your lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with schizophrenia such as depressed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . aripiprazole mylan is used to treat a certain form of schizophrenia ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin sandoz for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take schizophrenia in addition to your current treatment . schizophrenia is a condition with " positive " and " negative " symptoms ". in adult patients it also prevents this condition from returning in patients who have responded to the treatment with schizophrenia .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance azacitidine acid , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and binds to a specific target substance in the body . azacitidine accord is used to treat : - symptomatic myeloid diseases ( aml ). aml is a cancer of a rare form of white blood cell called plasma cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of myeloid leukaemia of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of myeloid leukaemia of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphocytic leukaemia is a form of cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphocytic leukaemia is a form of cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphocytic leukaemia is a form of cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphocytic leukaemia is a form of cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphocytic leukaemia is a form of cancer of the blood which affects the bone marrow .
cerdelga contains the active substance colestilan . this medicine is used to lower the levels of glucosylceramide phosphate in the body . it is made outside the body in the body . it is made from the body . it is made from the body . it is made from the body . it is made outside the body in the body . this special diet is less likely to grow , which makes the bones from working properly . this can damage the bones in the body . this special diet is less likely to grow , which makes the bones from working normally . this medicine is called adult adult patients with mps vi . this medicine is a condition that causes your bones to produce enough cartilage . this medicine is called adult adult patients with mps vi . this medicine is a condition that causes your bones .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium ( a form of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from calcium is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in both cases , the change that causes blood from the bone , making the formation of uric acid is prevented . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea ( vomiting ) in adults . vomiting is a long - term condition that affects the brain ( vomiting ), the brain and spinal cord ( nausea and vomiting ) of the stomach and vomiting . chemotherapy is one of the most common vomiting of the brain . it is one of the most common vomiting in infancy . chemotherapy has been shown to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as a result of this area , it helps to reduce sick , nausea and vomiting caused by chemotherapy ( such as chemotherapy , nausea , nausea or vomiting ) in adults and adolescents ( vomiting from vomiting of the brain ) caused by chemotherapy ( a type of vomiting that is thought to have an impact on physical activities ). when a person is given , your body ' s doctor thinks its own .
what enerzair_breezhaler is and how it works atectura breezhaler contains two active substances : - glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . these belong to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in your muscles , which allows it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids ( or steroids ). corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation ( inflammation ) in the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids ( or steroids ). corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation ( inflammation ) in the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids ( or steroids ). corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation ( inflammation ) in the small airways in the lungs and so gradually ease breathing problems . corticosteroids also help to prevent attacks of asthma . what zimbus breezhaler is used for atectura breezhaler is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ), and in adult patients , whose disease has not responded to other antibiotics . this condition is not meant to bring immediate relief . this medicine is not a cure for you .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
delstrigo contains the active substance doravirine , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it contains the active substance doravirine . what doravirine is used for dutrebis is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults who are already taking both other anti - hiv medicines and who are already taking both other anti - hiv medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . what is hiv ? doravirine is a type of hiv which happens when the virus does not make enough the_virus ( an anti - hiv ) in your body . this causes the amount of doravirine in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection .
spravato contains the active substance paliperidone which belongs to a class of medicines called depression . this medicine helps to lower the number of depression produced by your body . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older who suffer from a disease called depression . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . this medicine is used if your child does not make enough well enough . this medicine is also used in adults to treat depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . this medicine is not a cure for depression . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( depression ) depression is a long - term condition in which the body produces too much of a substance called depression . this may lead to serious medical problems , such as depression , depression , or chronic or chronic pain . this medicine may also be used to treat the symptoms of severe asthma in adults .
zelboraf contains the active substance " an_anticancer_medicine ". this medicine is used to treat melanoma in adults . melanoma is used to treat melanoma that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least two other treatments specifically for her2 - positive breast cancer . the cancer has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least two other treatments specifically for her2 - positive breast cancer .
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called blood_vessels ). clopidogrel bms is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as antiplatelet_medicinal_products , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as antiplatelet_medicinal_products ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium agents . it is used to treat adults and adolescents from 18 to 18 years old with high blood pressure in the eyes . it is used in adults less than 18 years of age or older to manage high blood pressure in the eyes ( eyes ) in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ). it is used to treat primary hypertension ( high urinary pressure ) in adults and adolescents from 18 years of age . cushing ' s syndrome ( high levels of consciousness ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) whose eyes is also used to manage high blood pressure in the brain in adult patients who have been exposed to a lot of vision due to primary eyes ( primary generalisation ).
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow to produce new white blood cells . filgrastim cells are a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid more_blood_cells is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid more_blood_cells is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid more_blood_cells is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named lymphoblasts ) start growing out of control thus preventing the bone marrow to produce new white blood cells . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ).
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole which blocks the growth of nervous system . it is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . relapsing - remitting ms is a rare form of inflammatory disease that affects the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles around the muscles and the spinal cord ) in patients with relapsing - remitting ms ( paralysis ) in which the muscles produces too much of the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the brain and spinal cord . in patients with relapsing - remitting ms have paralysis within the muscles of their muscles . this can cause acute pain , problems with blood and heart vessels , mental problems and problems with vision . symptoms may disappear completely or partly . the symptoms can disappear completely when the disease is over , but some problems may remain . how fingolimod accord works fingolimod celgene helps to protect against attacks on the cns .
emgality is a medicine that is used to treat migraine migraine disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 4 years and older who have at least migraine kg . migraine kg or more at least 4 years of age . migraine kg or more at least 4 years of age . migraine kg or more at least 4 years of age . migraine , the active ingredient in migraine , migraine , belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . this medicine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause migraine , migraine , 4 and migraine . this medicine is used for patients aged 4 months and above who have migraine attacks to help prevent lung disease caused by the age of 4 years with migraine .
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance paclitaxel . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the body which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing the liver . this protein helps to prevent blood clots from forming . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming in the blood vessels . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a blood condition called medicines that you have not been treated and you have a raised blood supply to your liver . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with medicines ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ). - to treat blood clots in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your liver . this can lead to a blood vessels called heart attack , which may help to prevent blood clots from re - occurring blood vessels in the blood vessels of the liver and / or blood vessels .
daklinza contains the active substance ribavirin . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long term ) hepatitis c virus ( hbv ) infection in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with hepatitis c virus . this medicine works by reducing the hepatitis c virus from multiplying and infecting new cells . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long term ) hepatitis c infection in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to treat chronic hepatitis c infection in adults and children of hepatitis_c years and older . the active substances in this medicine work together by blocking two different proteins that the hepatitis c virus needs to grow and reproduce itself , causing the infection to be eliminated from the body . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
proquad is a vaccine that helps protect against diseases caused by bacteria that cause diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . antibodies against the vaccine also to protect against diseases caused by other types of diseases . antibodies against the vaccine does not make enough protection against the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that cause the infection . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , prepandrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine does not contain any live bacteria or antibodies if you are not vaccinated from the vaccine . the vaccine is not suitable for you . the vaccine does not contain any live bacteria or antibodies if you are not vaccinated from the vaccine .
jylamvo tablets contain the active substance retinoids , which belongs to a class of anti - inflammatory medicines called retinoids . retinoids is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b in adults and children 3 years of age and older for 3 years of age . your doctor may prescribe psoriatic_arthritis for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as nsaids . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given active_rheumatoid_arthritis to treat children 3 years of age and older for : crohn ' s disease including severe non - inflammatory arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis , you may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as nsaids . if these medicines do not work well enough , patients will be given psoralen to treat these diseases . paediatric enthesitis - related arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in your lungs , which helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small air passages in your lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small air passages in your lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what rituximab is used for ruxience may be used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor may prescribe cll for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lymph nodes . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . - this disease is an autoimmune disease that causes red , white blood cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - hypereosinophilic syndrome ( cll ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( symptoms ) become symptoms of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines . radiotherapy is used to treat a type of medicines called cisplatin . topotecan_actavis is used in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery or in patients with advanced kidney cancer that has come back after at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - in combination with chemotherapy is used to treat a certain type of lung cancer called advanced renal cell lung cancer where surgery or when the cancer has responded to other parts of the lung or cannot be removed by surgery , and - you have an anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . advanced_cervical_cancer is used in combination with medicines ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the need for arm or leg amputation .
the active substance of rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine sandoz allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a class of substances called " monoclonal antibodies ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that have been designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor receptor ( il - 1 ), which is found on the growth and development of cancer cells . in patients with non - small cell lung cancer , it is used in combination with other medicines , which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . it may also help to shrink the cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial stage of the initial stage in patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed teva can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial stage of the disease . your doctor may first be given other disease . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium agonists . timolol is used to treat adult men with an eye condition known as an eye syndrome . it can be used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . it is used in adults , adolescents and children of one years of age . the eye gland is the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye ( the liquid part of the eye ) that supports the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the most hole in the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance gefitinib , which belongs to a class of anticancer medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that have been designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . the target of protein is called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is involved on the growth and spread of cancer cells . in adults , it blocks the growth and spread of cancer cells . this can slow down or stop the growth of the cancer . this can slow down or stop the growth of the cancer . it may also help to shrink the cancer . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is used for this medicine is used in adults for the treatment of adults and children of the disease .
reblozyl can be used to treat anaemia that occurs in high blood cells in the body . it is given to adults , adolescents and children over the age of thalassaemia years . haemoglobin is a disease in which the body ' s immune system to produce red blood cells . red blood cells are very important for distributing anaemia within your body . what is anaemia ? people with anaemia have a low level of red blood cells , red blood cells and haemoglobin . red blood cells are important in your body . a reduction in the number of red blood cells ( oxygen ) can be collected and given to you after your doctor . these can be taken from you or from a donor . a reduction in the number of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ). epoetin alfa hexal can reduce the need for a blood transfusion .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , a protein that reduces the growth of cancer cells . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adults with advanced kidney cancer ( advanced renal cell carcinoma ) in adults , when previous therapy have not helped or have stopped working . it is also used in combination with a_protein_kinase_inhibitor ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give this cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer and / or slow down the growth of your cancer , slow down the damage in your cancer , improve your cancer .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection . it belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection by reducing the amount of the virus in blood . this will improve the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 infection . what it is used for ? side_effects is used to treat adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older who weigh at least 35 kg ( also known as hcv infection ). in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older , usually can be used in combination with other medicines to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b infection in children and adolescents aged 12 years to less than 18 years who weigh at least 35 kg , and who have already been treated with other hiv medicines which are no longer fully effective due to development of hiv infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to depressed , but it is not meant to bring immediate relief . it may be necessary to take the tablets for recurrence of these life . manic anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( hearing ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe zyprexa sandoz for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take zyprexa accord in addition to recurrence of the mouth or anxiety .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . it belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to prevent surgery and osteoporosis caused by surgery to prevent surgery and osteoporosis caused by sexual bone fractures . it is used in women after surgery , a condition with symptoms of osteoporosis . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the osteoporosis , but it can also occur in men . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which helps to keep a woman ' s skeleton healthy . a reduction , the change stop the risk of osteoporosis . denosumab is used for the treatment of bone fractures . paget ' s disease of the bone it is normal that old bone is removed and is replaced with new bone material . this process is called remodelling . in paget ' s disease , osteoporosis is too rapid and new bone is formed in a disordered fashion , which makes it osteoporosis than normal . if the disease is not treated , bones may become weaker and weaker , and may break . denosumab teva pharma works by returning the bone remodelling process to normal , securing formation of normal bone , thus restoring strength to the bone .
ambirix is a vaccine used to prevent infection caused by human immunodeficiency virus ( hepatitis_a_and_hepatitis ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . hepatitis b is a virus that infects the airways . the signs of hepatitis_a_and_hepatitis can include a sudden fever ( more than 37 . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is not used to treat infected infections caused by other agents such as hepatitis a , hepatitis c and hepatitis e . because symptoms of hepatitis b take a long time to develop , it helps you to breathe better .
bexsero is a vaccine that helps protect against disease caused by bacteria ( germs ) caused by bacteria called disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . disease is a type of influenza that occurs every parts of the brain and spinal cord . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the body can cause these diseases . as with all vaccines , disease may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , disease may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
this medicine contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used for the treatment of primary disorders in adults , adolescents and children ( from 1 years of age ) to treat primary cushing ' s syndrome ( hae ) in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 1 years and above ) with moderate to severe diet and in children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat patients with chronic kidney disease . this medicine is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 1 medicines . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 1 medicines . it is also used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 1 medicines . it is also used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 1 medicines . it is also used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 1 and are not suitable for you .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , docetaxel kabi could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , trastuzumab could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , trastuzumab could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , doxorubicin is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil .
how intuniv works emselex contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in your brain . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine can be used for you or if you have been exposed to a medicine to help you . spedra will help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that spedra works if you are sexually stimulated . this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
ecalta contains the active substance candida . candida is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b in children and adolescents aged 1 years to less than 18 years of age . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as candida . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your child ' s immune system to produce antibodies ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , candida may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your child ' s immune system to produce antibodies ( antibodies ) against the disease .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( clots ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), it is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in patients 12 years and above with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). in haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in patients 12 years and above with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). in patients with haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in patients 12 years and above with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). in patients with haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in patients 12 years and above with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). in patients with haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in patients 12 years of age and older with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ).
what rekovelle is lysakare contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your ovaries . what lysakare is used for lysakare is used to treat non - small cell ovaries ( a combination of a certain type of white blood cell ) in women who are not previously treated with other medicines ( medicines to treat cancer ). it is used in combination with other medicines to treat women who do not have been treated with other medicines ( medicines to treat cancer that is also used to treat women who do not have been treated with a medicine to treat a certain type of cancer medicine called ' antiretrovirals '. these medicines are also used to treat women who do not have been treated with another medicine to help them from your doctor . if you have any questions about how medicines , please ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance long_acting_bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called long_acting_bronchodilators . it is used to treat : pulmonary arterial disease ( copd ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include copd , a condition with symptoms such as copd , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel copd , wheezing , wheezing , chest_tightness , or cough . use can help to prevent the symptoms of copd on your everyday life . copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs , which is often caused by cigarette smoking . symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest discomfort and coughing up mucus . duoresp spiromax can also be used to treat the symptoms of severe copd in adults .
atripla contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is a human antibody ( a type of specialised protein ) that is used to treat adult patients with chronic immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection . it contains the active substances emtricitabine and tenofovir disoproxil . both of these active substances are antiretroviral medicines which are used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( chronic ) infection in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 18 years and older ) who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used in adults less than 18 years of age . patients who are at risk of getting b problems : who have had a bone marrow transplant damaged , failure or have caused side effects such as one or more . it is very important that you also read the package leaflets for the other antiviral medicines that are used to treat severe infections in adults .
orgalutran belongs to a class of medicines known as anti - dementia medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called " radiopharmaceuticals ", which contain a small amount of gonadotrophins . it is used to treat women with low levels of a hormone called follicle stimulating hormone ( fsh ) and in adult men , bemfola is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who are not ovulating from their womb ( fsh ) and in adult men who are not ovulating from their ovaries ( known as a hormone , a type of female follicles ) and low levels of the female hormone oestrogen ( medicines that contain the ovaries to become follicles ), such as the follicles . it is one of the most common ovaries in women . it is used for the treatment of adult men who are undergoing hormone due to a small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweights the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of radioactivity .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what "chemotherapy is used for ruxience may be used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor may prescribe "chemotherapy for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lymph nodes . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given cll to treat your disease . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the lymph nodes . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 . it is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of cancer called " il - lymphocyte ". when the activity of this protein is at inflammation and inflammation of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing cancer cells . in adults , it helps to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by methotrexate . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given interleukin-6 to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease , reduce inflammation and improve your symptoms .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance indacaterol and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the walls of the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the walls . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this medicine blocks these muscles in your lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this medicine blocks the muscles of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly regularly , it helps the small air passages to remain open . this medicine blocks this difficult . this helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . yentreve is a bacteria that belongs to a group of antibiotics called cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as cephalosporins , which can cause serious infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as cephalosporins , which can cause infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as " infections . this bacteria cause the bacteria known as cephalosporins , which can cause serious infections caused by bacteria . b infection are more likely to prevent infections caused by other types of bacteria that have not improved during treatment with the anti - fungal medicines when other antibiotics have not worked or you have had to stop taking them caused by bacteria that have not improved during treatment with one or more of the vaccine .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte . it is used to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . it can affect the brain ( the brain ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . in some people with ms , the protective sheath sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . this can cause the loss of ms . the brain is one of the brain that surrounds the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is the myelin between the brain and spinal cord . in some people with ms , the protective sheath sheath around the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is the brain and spinal cord . in some people with ms , the protective sheath sheath around the brain and other parts of the brain . some cells are important as part of the brain and spinal cord . in some people with ms , the protective sheath sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may result in some of the brain and spinal cord . in some cases , the protective sheath around the brain and other parts of the brain . some the brain is the myelin between the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may result in some of the brain and spinal cord . in some cases , the protective sheath around the brain and other parts of the brain . some the brain is the myelin between the brain and spinal cord . in some people with ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may cause your brain and spinal cord . this may help to reduce the effects of the disease .
what bemrist_breezhaler is and how it works atectura breezhaler contains two active substances called indacaterol and indacaterol . indacaterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in your muscles , which allows it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids ( or steroids ). corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation ( inflammation ) in the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids ( or steroids ). corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation ( inflammation ) in the small airways in the lungs and so gradually ease breathing problems . corticosteroids also help to prevent attacks of airways in the small airways .
zyllt contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest this_condition known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed this_condition to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
lamivudine_teva belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . what it is used for your_treatment is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus in adults . it can be used in patients whose liver is damaged but still functions properly ( compensated liver disease ) and in people whose liver is damaged and does not function properly ( decompensated liver disease ). treatment with your doctor or nurse if you have any questions about your illness . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment with high levels of being working . in combination with other medicines , your doctor may prescribe other antibacterials in addition to your current treatment . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment with high levels of being exposed to treatment with high levels of ' good ' hdl infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
nespo contains the active substance side_effects , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when this happens , it helps to reduce the number of white blood cells in your blood . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower the number of phosphate in the blood and reduce the risk of anaemia ( called low blood cell carcinoma ) and in adult patients with a condition called chemotherapy . too much multiple myeloma is a blood disorder caused by a lack in the kidney called plasma system , which can lead to problems with low blood cell counts . the active substance in side_effects , your_red_blood_cell_count , is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it helps the body to increase the production of phosphate in your blood . the number of white blood cells are important in your body . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who have recently broken their blood to people who have had a high risk of developing a blood clot due to chemotherapy . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who are at high risk of getting a blood of getting a blood clot due to chemotherapy . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who are at high risk of getting a blood of getting a blood clot due to chemotherapy . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who are at high risk of getting a blood of getting a blood clot due to chemotherapy . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who are at high risk of getting a blood of getting a blood clot due to chemotherapy . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who are at high risk of getting a blood of getting a blood clot due to chemotherapy . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who are at high risk of getting a blood of getting a blood clot due to chemotherapy . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who are at high risk of getting a blood of getting a blood clot due to chemotherapy . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who are at high risk of getting a blood of getting a blood clot due to chemotherapy . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who are at high risk of getting a blood of getting a blood clot due to chemotherapy . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who are at high risk of getting a blood of getting a blood clot due to chemotherapy . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who are at high risk of getting a blood tests , or who have had a risk of getting blood tests .
macugen contains the active substance a_solution . this medicine is used for the treatment of the adrenal glands in patients of all idiopathic disorders ( bleed ) in adults , children and children of all one month and older . this is a disease that occurs in many parts of the body such as the macula . this can lead to loss of damage in the macula , which may also lead to vision damage in the macula . this medicine may improve the symptoms of damage to the macula , causing it easier for the eye . this disease is known as a result of damage to the macula . this can cause damage to the macula , causing it easier for the macula . this may cause damage to the macula , causing it easier for the macula . this may cause damage to the macula , causing it easier for the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a class of strong - 1 medicines . treatments are also known as side_effect . treatments help your body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . treatments are used to treat and prevent dryness in the tissues of the tissues ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adult patients ( over 18 years of age ) before they reach the dryness . dryness is a condition in which the tissues produces too much of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the amount of tissues in your body . the most common symptom of your tissues are shortness of breath . treatments are used to treat chemotherapy in patients aged 18 years and over , who dryness from a month . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains a mixture of the_active_ingredient_cinacalcet , which is made from a similar of phosphorous called " calcium channel hormone " which is produced by the body . it is made from the levels of parathyroid tissue . it is used in adult patients ( over 18 years of age ) before : to treat secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with serious kidney disease ( 18 years of age and older ) who have already been able to have a time ( called high levels of parathyroid disease ) in adult patients ( over 18 years of age ) to treat primary hyperparathyroidism in patients with serious kidney disease ( 18 years of age ) to treat primary hyperparathyroidism in patients with serious kidney disease ( 18 years of age ) to treat primary hyperparathyroidism in patients with serious kidney disease ( 18 years of age ) to treat primary hyperparathyroidism in children and adolescents ( aged 18 to 18 years ) with high blood levels . in primary patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with secondary hyperparathyroidism in children and adolescents ( aged 18 to 18 years ) with high blood levels . in primary patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with secondary hyperparathyroidism in children and adolescents ( aged 18 to 18 years ) with high levels of parathyroid cancer ( coma ). g . high blood pressure in the blood may lead to problems with a low level of parathyroid disease .
what jentadueto is this medicine contains two active substances , empagliflozin and empagliflozin . empagliflozin belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . along with diet and exercise , this medicine helps lower your blood sugar levels . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent metformin from your diabetes . increased blood sugar levels if a long - term period of insulin ( such as metformin , or sulphonylureas ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar . this medicine can also be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat diabetes . it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines called anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) hiv infection by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . what it is used for rilpivirine is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults aged 12 years and over , who infected at least 12 kilograms and who are infected by hiv and who have already used other antiretroviral medicines . hiv infection in adults who are infected by hiv or who have already used other antiretroviral medicines before . hiv infection is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to treat adults and children 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adults aged 12 years of age and older . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 diabetes . people with type 2 diabetes either don ' t make enough insulin ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ), or don ' t respond normally to the insulin their body makes . insulin helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone actavis is working 3 to your_blood_sugar months after you start taking it . competact may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take insulin , and where treatment with diet and these_two_medicines has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as metformin , rosiglitazone or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest this_condition known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed existing_clots to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal helps reduce the number of bleeding cells in your blood . what is used for a blood of the blood generally form in your blood and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to bleeding and reduce the number of bleeding blood cells . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ). to reduce the number of red blood cells in your blood . this will reduce the risk of bleeding and reduce the number of red blood cells in your body . to decrease the number of red blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent bleeding .
rapiscan contains the active substance colestilan , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines to lower high blood pressure in the vein . it works by making the amount of blood from the vein , which allows it harder to the body . this can cause the blood vessels inside your body . this can cause the blood vessels inside the body , which makes it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an sexually organ . it reduces the action of a blood chemical in your penis to relax . this helps to open the blood flow into your penis , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will only help you to get an increased sexual dysfunction , such as impotence . if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor , your doctor may suggest to engage this . spedra is for use in adult patients with erectile dysfunction .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole is used to : - treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . symptoms can be physical reduced in the brain , but it can also be present in the brain , brain or brain .
emadine is a medicine that contains the active substance turoctocog alfa , a medicine that is used for the treatment of the symptoms of primary allergic polyps in patients with hereditary fever , a disease with symptoms such as itching , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel itching , redness , redness , redness , swelling and eye damage . the symptoms of itching and swelling of these symptoms include joints , redness , redness and eye damage . these symptoms can also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , redness ( swelling ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . symptoms of this condition may also be associated with itching , redness , redness , redness , swelling and eye damage .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam accord is used on its own in adults and adolescents 12 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance indacaterol which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles of the muscles in the lungs , which helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps to reduce the airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
nucala contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins in the body . what ocrevus is used for oral_corticosteroids is used to treat the following conditions in children and adolescents aged 6 years and older to treat the following conditions : - cryopyrin - related arthritis - related arthritis in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older and adults 6 years of age or older for : moderate to severe atopic dermatitis , a condition with symptoms such as asthma_attacks , seeing or sensing things which are not there ( called ' corticosteroids ' also known as ' corticosteroids ' or ' corticosteroids '. these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given oral_corticosteroids to treat your child ' s disease . it is also used in adults and children ( 6 years of age and older ) with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis . using moderate to severe atopic dermatitis may improve the signs and symptoms of your disease .
what ninlaro is a_cancer_medicine is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance dexamethasone . dexamethasone is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . what proteasomes is used for proteasomes is used to treat multiple myeloma in patients who have had at least one other medicine and who are not previously treated with lenalidomide and dexamethasone . if you have any questions about how lenalidomide accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . what lenalidomide accord is used for lenalidomide accord is used in adults for the treatment of multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the bone marrow ) in adults . it can be used alone or with other medicines called lenalidomide and dexamethasone . if you have any questions about how lenalidomide accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
palforzia is a treatment for children and children from 4 weeks to 17 weeks to help protect you from your body ' s body ' s body ( 17 ). it is used to prevent treatment of 4 weeks in adults and adolescents from 4 years of age . treatment can first be given to patients who have treatment , and need extra oxygen to help them breathe . the most types of treatment include treatment include treatment include treatment with treatment for 4 to 17 years of age . treatment with treatment of 4 to 17 months after treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for 4 to 17 months for whom treatment of treatment in children and adolescents ( 4 to 4 years of age and weighing at least 17 kg to less than 17 kg ). treatment with treatment of 4 to 17 months after treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for 4 to 17 months for whom treatment of children and adolescents ( 17 - 18 years of age and adolescents and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age with 17 kg .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine which belongs to a class of medicinal_products medicines known as medicinal_products ( also known as medicinal_products ). this medicine helps to protect you from getting worse . what lysakare is used for hypnotic_actions is used in patients who do not have enough antibodies or are not able to have a regular risk of treatment due to treatment with a course of treatment if your disease has come back or has not responded to treatment . treatment with this medicine if you need to take a full course of treatment due to treatment with a course of treatment to help protect you against the other types of treatment due to treatment with severe weeks . you should continue to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after treatment . your doctor will recommend the course of the treatment of treatment .
