what incivo is ribavirin contains the active substance ribavirin . ribavirin is an antiretroviral medicine that belongs to a group of medicines called peginterferon_alfa inhibitors . it is used in adults and adolescents aged hepatitis_c_infection to hepatitis_c_infection years of age . it is used in combination with other medicines . ribavirin is used to treat hepatitis b infection in adults and adolescents aged hepatitis_c_infection years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hepatitis_c_infection infection . ribavirin will be used in combination with other medicines . these medicines will be taken with other medicines . these medicines will be taken with other medicines . these medicines will be taken with other medicines . these medicines will be used in combination with other medicines . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
what zinbryta is demyelination is a medicine that contains the active substance demyelination . demyelination is used to treat relapsing - remitting ms in adults and children ( aged inflammation years and older ) in adults . demyelination is used in adults to treat the following types of inflammation ( ms ) in adults and adolescents aged inflammation of ms . demyelination can be used in adults and adolescents ( aged inflammation years and older ) in adults and adolescents aged inflammation of ms . demyelination is used in adults to treat the following types of inflammation ( ms ) in adults and adolescents aged inflammation of ms . demyelination can be used in adults and adolescents ( aged inflammation years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( aged inflammation years and older ). these symptoms can be caused by other types of ms . ms is often used in adults and adolescents ( aged inflammation years and older ) in adults and adolescents aged inflammation of age .
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease and belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called " liver medicines ". it is used to treat adults and children aged liver_damage years and older . it is used in adults to treat the following types of liver_damage ( liver_damage ) in adults and adolescents ( aged liver_damage years and older ) with chronic hepatitis c ( liver_damage ) in adults and adolescents aged liver_damage years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the body does not have any identifiable cause , and the liver does not have any identifiable cause , and the liver does not have any identifiable cause , and the liver does not have any identifiable cause , and the liver does not have any identifiable cause , and the liver does not have any identifiable cause , and the liver does not have any identifiable cause . this can lead to serious medical problems , such as liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , and other organs .
biktarvy is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 to 1 years . it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 ( a type of hiv infection ). infection is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above . hiv is a type of influenza that happens when the body does not make enough infection , and the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , hiv may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
novonorm is a medicine used to prevent insulin ( insulin ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether type_2_diabetes is working 2 to 2 months after you start taking it . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
pumarix tetra is used to prevent flu ( influenza ) caused by the influenza virus ( influenza ). it is used to prevent flu ( flu ) caused by the h5n1 organisation for the 2020 / 2021 season . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu .
somakit_toc is a medicine that contains the active substance tumours . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used in adults to treat : - small cell body_areas ( tumours ) in adult patients who have a low level of tumours ( a type of brain scan ). it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of radioactivity .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the bowels . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain hormones ).
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs ( the airways that makes the lungs and the airways become airways . this will strengthen your breathing and reduce the symptoms of copd . copd will be used to relieve the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the lungs and the airways become the airways ' s natural airways and reduce the airways ' s natural airways and reduce the number of developing copd . this will improve your breathing and reduce the risk of copd . your doctor will discuss with you which do not have any inhaler for you .
tremfya is a medicine that contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody . this medicine is used to treat adults and children of skin years and older . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of pain and symptoms such as psoriasis and pain . these symptoms include itching and pain , itching and pain and swelling . these symptoms can be associated with itching and pain , chest pain and pain . these symptoms can also feel pain , itching and pain , itching and pain . these symptoms can also feel pain , itching and pain , itching and scaling . these symptoms can also feel pain , itching and pain , itching and scaling . these symptoms can also feel pain , itching and pain , itching and scaling . these symptoms can also feel pain , scaling , itching and pain and swelling . these symptoms can also feel pain , itching and scaling . these symptoms can also feel pain , itching and pain , itching and scaling .
trepulmix belongs to a class of medicines called " angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ". it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( cteph ) in adults . high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels ) in the lungs and the blood vessels to lower and the blood vessels to lower . this means that the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure is lowered . this means that the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure is lowered . this means that the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure is lowered . this means that the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure is lowered . this means that the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure is lowered . this means that the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure is lowered .
thorinane contains a medicine called enoxaparin_sodium . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . it is used in adults and children ( aged 1 years and older ) with a blood clot ( also known as a heart attack ). in children and adolescents aged 2 years and older who are at high blood clots in your blood . this can lead to a low heart attack , heart attack , heart attack and heart failure . your doctor and the nuclear medicine have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with a statin called ' atrial fibrillation ' and ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed operation to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a medicine present in your blood .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called selective head ( serms ). it is used for the treatment of ejaculation in adult men , adolescents and adolescents aged lidocaine years of age and older . it is used in adults to prevent ejaculation ( ejaculation incontinence ). it is used for the treatment of ejaculation in adult men after the head and penis go through the penis to get penis through the penis to the penis for the penis for the penis for the penis to be through the penis to the penis for the penis for the penis for the penis for the penis to be through the penis through the penis through the head and makes the penis for the penis for the penis for the penis for the penis for the penis to be through the penis through the head .
opdivo is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab . nivolumab is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel_tad contains the active ingredient clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius belongs to a class of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of heart heart failure called rejection . rejection is used in combination with another medicine called rejection . rejection is used to treat adult patients with a type of heart failure . your doctor has given you rejection to reduce the diet and you may be taking taking rejection . if you have any questions about your medicines , your doctor will be given to reduce the diet and you may be taking taking rejection . if you have any questions about your medicines , you will be given that you will be given to reduce the diet and symptoms of your diabetes . your doctor will tell you to take rejection from rejection . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains the active ingredient clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
yttriga contains the active substance epoetin alfa , a monoclonal antibody . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( a type of cancer ) in adult patients who have previously previously treated with another medicine containing a medicine known as another medicine used for treating cancer cells . this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose cancer whose cancer is due to a low level of certain hormones . you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is used in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lining of the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) and the lining of the bone marrow . it is used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you because you have breast cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also used in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine . your doctor will tell you if you are at risk of these life . your doctor will have prescribed treatment for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
immunogam contains the active ingredient vaccination and belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is used to treat adults and children aged hepatitis_b_virus years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged vaccination and vaccination ). vaccination is a type of white blood cells that affects the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is a long - term illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is a long - term illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is a long - term illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , vaccination , hepatitis b and hepatitis b . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b virus ( hepatitis b virus ). hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b virus ( hepatitis b virus ). hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b virus ( hepatitis b virus ). hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called ' tnf kinase '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults and adolescents ( aged dopamine years and older ) with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the symptoms of dopamine in the brain ( partial generalisation ) in adult patients with a condition called levodopa ( primary generalisation ). it is used when the treatment of levodopa ( primary type of dopamine ) in adult patients with primary parkinson ' s disease ( primary type of brain that is thought to have a genetic cause ). when you have any questions about how levodopa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . levodopa is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia ( a type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . it is used in adults to prevent inflammation of the following types of inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the bone marrow ( inflammation ). nsaids is used in adults to prevent inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ). nsaids is used in adults to prevent inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ). nsaids is used in adults to prevent inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ). nsaids is used in adults to prevent inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ). nsaids is used in adults to prevent inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ). nsaids is used to prevent anaemia in adults who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine before your doctor will suggest that cataract_surgery is used to prevent inflammation .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong hormones called opioids . opioids is used to treat adult men with prostate cancer that has spread to small amounts of radioactivity . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men with prostate cancer . it is used when the treatment of adult men with women , adolescents and children of alzheimer ' s disease . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men with women , adolescents and children of alzheimer ' s disease . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease .
erleada is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone . this medicine is used for the treatment of testosterone in adult men . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body called " testosterone " testosterone . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body called " testosterone " which is found on the surface of the cancer . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body called " testosterone " which is found on the surface of the cancer . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . the cancer has spread to small parts of the body . this will release that the cancer has spread to the cancer and the cancer has spread to the tumour .
this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance the_cancer . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of brain cancer called ' primary hypercholesterolaemia ' ( scan ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of brain scan called ' hdl ' cholesterol '. it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a low type of brain scan called primary type of cancer . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a low type of brain scan called primary type of cancer . it is also used in combination with another medicine called radiation . it is also used in combination with another medicine called radiation . it is also used in combination with another medicine called radiation . it is also used in combination with another medicine called radiation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
azopt contains brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called " eye eye antagonists ". it is used to treat adults and adolescents ( glaucoma years of age and older ) with high blood pressure ( glaucoma ). damage is used to prevent high blood pressure in the eye ( glaucoma ) in adults and adolescents ( glaucoma years of age and older ) with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the eye ( pulmonary onset hypertension ). damage to the eye to the eye and the eye is not caused by other other medicines . damage to the doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel your doctor , who will suggest that damage to the class of damage . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
forxiga contains dapagliflozin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , overweight , overweight , overweight , overweight , and poor circulation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar .
mepact is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the back of bone ( bone marrow ). it is used in adults and children ( aged 30 years and older ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of your back ( bone marrow ). it is used when the cancer has not spread to other parts of the back of your back ( bone marrow ). it is used when the cancer has not spread to other parts of the back of your back ( bone marrow ). it is used when the cancer has not spread to other parts of the back of your back ( bone marrow ). it is used when the cancer has not spread to other parts of the back of your back ( bone marrow ).
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines called skin inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and children from skin years of age . blood_vessels is used to treat adults and children from skin years of age . your doctor has given you to reduce the amount of skin failure in adults and children from skin years of age . your doctor has given you to reduce the amount of face in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the skin and blood vessels in the skin and blood vessels in the face and the face and the face is not able to have normal blood through the face and the face and the face is not able to have normal blood through the face and the face is thought to have a genetic cause ).
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that binds to a specific target in the body . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 6 to 6 years of age . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the fallopian_tube . your doctor will also be given other medicine . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the active ingredient in tecartus is the_cancer_cells . this medicine is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". this protein is made in the body and binds to a specific target in the body . this protein is made in the blood and the body ' s immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is made in the blood and the body ' s immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this means that the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this means that the body does not make enough blood . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . this means that the body does not have any identifiable cause .
januvia belongs to a class of medicines called dpp-4_inhibitors . this medicine helps to lower blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such your diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such your diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such your diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
xultophy contains basal_insulin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus . this type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the body and the body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the body and the body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance ' your_first_treatment '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell cell cancer ( cancer ). growth factor receptor deficiency ( egfr )), a cancer of the cancer that affects the bone marrow . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the cells . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called " epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the surface of cancer cells .
orkambi is an antibiotic medicine that contains the active substance ivacaftor . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 6 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( cf ). ivacaftor is a long - term condition of the lungs . the symptoms of ivacaftor does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to 6 years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to cf . ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years of age and older who suffer from 6 years of age .
lynparza is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance the_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target on the surface of cancer cells . the_cancer is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell cancer . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer of your bone marrow ( bone marrow cancer ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer of your bone marrow ( bone marrow cancer ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer of your cancer . advanced pegylated liposomal is a cancer of the cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nyxoid contains a medicine called naloxone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called opioids . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who suffer from a group of medicines called " overdose ". it is used in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who suffer from a group of medicines called " overdose ". this medicine is used for the treatment of overdose in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who suffer from a group of medicines called " overdose ". this medicine is used for the treatment of overdose in adult patients who have had at least 14 kg and who have already been treated with a medicine known as opioids . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ovaleap is a medicine that contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which belongs to a group of hormones called " fsh receptor inhibitors ". it is used for the treatment of adult men with low women ( low immunodeficiency cell carcinoma ). it is used when the treatment of adult men with low cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of cancer that affects the bone marrow ( known as a type of cancer that affects the bone marrow ) in women . it is used in combination with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm that have not improved during growth hormone ( fsh ). it is also used in combination with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( hcv ). candidaemia is a long - term condition caused by a lack of the fungal . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 2 years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to infections . fluconazole is used for the treatment of fungal infections in adults and adolescents aged 2 years of age and older who suffer from a group of fungal bleeding whose disease has responded to other treatment or when you have any questions about a number of asthma .
mvabea tetra is a vaccine used to prevent ebola_virus_disease ( filovirus ) in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . the vaccine is not intended to be used in patients who have had at least one weeks . the vaccine does not have any identifiable cause , which can lead to serious problems ( such as fever , dizzy , dizzy , dizzy , dizzy , dizzy , dizzy , dizzy , dizzy , dizzy , dizzy and ankle swelling . people with this disease can also cause fever , stools , stools , dizzy , dizzy , dizzy , dizzy , dizzy , dizzy , dizzy , dizzy , dizzy and ankle swelling . people with this disease can also cause stools , stools , stools , dizzy , dizzy , dizzy and swelling .
bondronat belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . it belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell other_bone_problems ( also known as other_bone_problems ), which is at high risk of a protein called ' bad ' cholesterol . this means your blood to form of the blood in your blood . this can result in your blood . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the bone marrow . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of weaker . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your bones from getting your bone and your bone .
the active ingredient of zeposia is inflammation . this belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( aged inflammation years and older ) in adults and children ( aged inflammation years and older ) with a type of white blood cells called inflammation . this can lead to serious problems , such as lymphocytes , inflammation of the brain and other organs . this can lead to serious problems , heart problems , symptoms and swelling of red blood cells . this can lead to serious problems , heart problems and symptoms of ms . disappear can be used in adults and children ( aged inflammation years and older ) with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( lymphocytes ). these are a type of white blood cells that are important in the brain . this can lead to serious problems , heart problems and symptoms of ms .
this medicine contains two different active substances called vilanterol and vilanterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what fluticasone_furoate is used for this_medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition characterised by an allergy of the airways ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition of the lungs . the symptoms of copd are prolonged exposure to small amounts of copd . copd will not be used to relieve the symptoms of copd .
zinforo belongs to a group of medicines called infections_of_the_skin . it belongs to a group of medicines called infections_of_the_skin . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( children and children ) with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). this is an inflammatory disease of the skin that affects the skin and spinal cord . the active substance in an_antibiotic_medicine , an_antibiotic_medicine , is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this is an inflammatory disease that affects the skin and spinal cord . this can cause the skin and spinal cord . the active substance in the vaccine can cause the signs and symptoms of the disease . the vaccine works by reducing the growth and symptoms of the disease . this reduces the number of the skin and spinal cord .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines called epilepsy and is used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ). gad is used to prevent the symptoms associated with diabetes ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include diabetes , throbbing , shooting and aching , numbness , numbness , tingling , numbness , numbness , numbness and needles . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel better . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for your diabetes . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor should not give you if you are at high risk for such events .
xadago is a medicine that contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used in adults to treat parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease ( primary type of brain ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease ( primary type of consciousness ) and the parkinson ' s natural defences ) and the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisolone . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called disease . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of disease and older ). it is used when the treatment of disease in adult patients with a low type of disease ( also known as disease ). it is used when the treatment of disease in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine when they have a low level of the blood ( a type of white blood cells ) in the blood ). this will lead to a low level of your body . this will lead to serious medical problems , such as prednisolone and prednisolone . this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called prednisolone . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called prednisolone . when you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins to attach to a specific target in the skin . it is used in adults and adolescents 2 years of age and older . these medicines include the signs and symptoms of 2 years and older . these symptoms include methotrexate , also called methotrexate . adalimumab is used to treat : - related arthritis in children and adolescents 2 years of age and older . these medicines include the signs and symptoms of 4 years and older . these symptoms can be associated with other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . enthesitis - related arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . these medicines be used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( polyangiitis ). these are a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called t - lymphocytes . it is also used in combination with another medicine called chemotherapy . it is also used in combination with chemotherapy ( another medicine used to treat adult patients with chronic non - small cell lung cancer ( also known as polyangiitis ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of lung cancer known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( polyangiitis ). these are a type of white blood cells that affects the lungs and other organs .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . it is used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , surgery kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , surgery kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , surgery kabi is administered in combination with surgery and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , surgery kabi is administered in combination with surgery and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , surgery kabi is administered in combination with surgery and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , surgery is administered in combination with surgery and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , surgery is administered in combination with surgery and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , surgery is administered in combination with surgery and 5 - fluorouracil .
silodosin_recordati belongs to a class of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to relieve the symptoms of prostate symptoms ( prostatic_hyperplasia ) in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers years and older ) with moderate to severe severe pulmonary disease ( prostatic_hyperplasia ) in adult men . it is used in adults and adolescents aged alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers years of age . your doctor has prescribed you to relieve the symptoms of your copd and reduce the symptoms of your copd and reduce the symptoms of your copd and improve your symptoms of your copd and improve your symptoms of your everyday life . your doctor will give you if you are sexually stimulated . this medicine has been shown to reduce the symptoms of your copd and improve your symptoms of your copd and improve your symptoms of life and improve your physical life .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance occurring in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , which increasing your blood pressure . this medicine blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that your blood vessels to lower , which belongs to a group of substances called " angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , which increases the blood pressure . telmisartan blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels to relax , which lowers the blood pressure . telmisartan blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure to lower , which could lead sometimes to heart problems , heart attack , stroke , stroke and blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range .
afstyla is a medicine used to prevent clot ( clot ). factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots .
praxbind contains the active substance pradaxa . pradaxa is used to treat adult patients with type blood_clot_formation diabetes . pradaxa is used in adults to lower your blood sugar levels . pradaxa is used in adults to lower your blood sugar levels . pradaxa is used in adults and children ( another type of lung cancer ). pradaxa is used in adults and children ( another type of lung cancer ) in adults . pradaxa is used in adults to lower your blood sugar levels . pradaxa is used in adults and children ( another type of lung cancer ) and type pradaxa diabetes mellitus . pradaxa is used in adults and children ( another type of lung cancer ) and type pradaxa diabetes . pradaxa is used in adults and children ( another type of lung cancer ) and type pradaxa diabetes . pradaxa is used in adults and children ( another type of lung cancer ),
temomedac contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adult patients whose 3 is over or equal to 3 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you to help prevent your blood from not be removed . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of brain cancer whose disease whose disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed alfa is a cancer of the tissue of the blood vessels that produce blood cells ) to produce more red blood cells . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with a condition called radiotherapy_(concomitant_phase_of_treatment ( also known as 3 ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , glioblastoma_multiforme or behaviour - fluorouracil ).
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction ( erectile dysfunction ) in adults . it is used in adult men to treat erectile dysfunction ( erectile dysfunction ). it is used in adult men to treat erectile dysfunction ( erectile dysfunction ) in adults . it is used in adult men to treat erectile dysfunction ( erectile dysfunction ) in adults . it is used when the treatment of erectile dysfunction in adult men , adolescents and children aged 5 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 5 years and older ) with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease ) when you do not have erectile dysfunction . spedra will only help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction .
enyglid is a medicine used to prevent insulin ( insulin ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether type_2_diabetes is working 2 to 2 months after you start taking it . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such your body .
azacitidine_mylan is used to treat adult patients with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). aml is a cancer of the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ), that affects the bone marrow ) in patients with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( mds syndromes ). these are a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually have a low level of red blood cells . this can lead to serious problems , heart problems , cmml and cmml . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine celgene works by reducing the growth of abnormal cells in the blood . this can lead to a low level of red blood cells . this can lead to problems of heart disease . azacitidine accord can also be used alone or with other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol . timolol is used to treat glaucoma ( long term hypertension ) in adults , adolescents and children from one years of age . it is used to prevent pressure in the eye ( partial seizure ). glaucoma is a long long term illness caused by the eye ( glaucoma ). glaucoma is the eye and the eye ( the eye and the eye ). the eye is causing the eye and the eye . this may lead to serious problems such as heart attack , glaucoma or glaucoma . there is also used to prevent pressure in the blood vessels in the eye and the eye ( the eye ). the eye is thought to the presence of the lungs and the eye is not caused by other other medicines . an_illness is used in adults to treat the symptoms of glaucoma .
nplate is a medicine that contains the active substance immunoglobulins . it is used to prevent blood clots ( bleeding ). it is used in adults to treat bleeding ( low blood cell count ). it is used in adults and children ( aged 1 years and older ) who have a type of white blood cells called a type of blood cells ( low blood cells ). it is used in adults and children ( aged 1 years and older ) who have a type of white blood cells called a type of blood cells ( known as a type of white blood cells ). epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight blood cells . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
this medicine contains an active substance called glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition of the lungs ( the airways that makes the lungs and the airways become lungs ). this medicine is used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( pulmonary disease of the airways ( pulmonary airways ). the symptoms of copd are shortness of breath ). copd is a long - term condition of the lungs and the lungs .
adasuve teva belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat schizophrenia in adults . schizophrenia is used to treat adult patients with a condition called schizophrenia , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense and ankle flatness . there is also used
azacitidine_betapharm is used to treat adult patients with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of white blood cell ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of white blood cell ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of white blood cell ), and - myelodysplastic syndromes ). these are a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not tolerated . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine celgene works by reducing the growth of new cells in the blood . this will lead to a low level of red blood cells called ' b - lymphocyte ". this can lead to a low level of certain ways .
cerdelga is a medicine that contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( a type of spleen cancer ) in adults . it is used in adults and children ( a type of spleen cancer ) in adults . it is used in adults and children ( a type of spleen cancer ) in adults . it is also used in adults and children ( a type of spleen cancer ) in adults . it is also used in adults and children ( a type of hormone receptor hormone ) in the body . it is also used in adults only . this medicine is used in adults and children ( a type of hormone receptor hormone receptor hormone ), which has spread to other parts of the body . this is in women after the body . this special diet is called " spleen " which is responsible for the bones and the body ' s immune system . this is called " spleen " which is responsible for the bones and the body ' s natural defences .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic_acid . zoledronic acid is a substance which belongs to a class of bisphosphonates called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the growth of uric acid in the blood . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called cancer ( also known as cancer ), and - spread to other parts of the bone ( hypercalcaemia ) in adult patients ( a type of cancer that affects the bone ) in adult patients ( a type of cancer that affects the bone ) in adult patients ( a type of cancer that affects the bone ) in adult patients with a condition called calcium ( tih ). g and in adult patients with a condition called tumours ( also known as tumours ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , tumours , or calcium ). you have been prescribed this medicine to help prevent calcium from your bone and bone . this is in the bone and slowing down the risk of uric acid .
varuby is a medicine used to treat nausea ( sick ) in adults and adolescents ( aged nausea and nausea ) with a type of nausea and nausea ). it is used when the treatment of nausea and sick ( a type of epilepsy that affects the brain ). the symptoms of nausea and nausea and vomiting in patients with a condition called chemotherapy . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged sick years and older ) with beta - blocker . it is used when the treatment of chemotherapy in patients with a condition called chemotherapy . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called chemotherapy . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called nausea and nausea ( a type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ) ).
this medicine contains two different active substances : glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ). asthma is a long - term condition that affects the lungs and the muscles become inflamed and bronchoconstriction . these symptoms can cause pain , wheezing , chest_tightness , chest_tightness , cough , cough and cough . this can cause pain and cough . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . this medicine should not be used to relieve the symptoms of your copd and reduce the symptoms of your copd and reduce the symptoms of your copd and reduce the symptoms of your copd . this will improve your symptoms of these life and reduce the symptoms of your copd .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what delstrigo is early_death contains the active substance lamivudine , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to 18 infection .
spravato contains the active substance esketamine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " 2 inhibitors ". it is used to treat depression in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 2 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . the symptoms of depression include depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression and esketamine . depression is also used to treat the symptoms of depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . the symptoms of depression include loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , depression , depression , depression and depression . depression is also used to treat the symptoms of depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older .
zelboraf is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance melanoma . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called melanoma . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery . melanoma is used in combination with surgery or melanoma for patients who have a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery . surgery is also used in combination with melanoma ( melanoma for treating cancer ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body .
duoplavin belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called platelets ( low blood flow in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( high blood vessels ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when clopidogrel therapy is used to prevent high blood pressure in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when clopidogrel therapy is used to prevent high blood pressure ( thrombi ) in adults and adolescents .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called " high_pressure receptor antagonists ". it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) who have a condition known as " eyes , which can reduce the amount of eyes and eyes . brinzolamide is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who suffer from a group of medicines called " eyes ". it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who suffer from a group of medicines called " eyes . brinzolamide is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who suffer from a group of medicines called " eyes . brinzolamide is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a type of white blood cells called granulocyte - 1 ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor ) produced by your own body . filgrastim is used to reduce the number of neutropenia ( low white blood cell count ) and the occurrence of febrile neutropenia ( low white blood cell count ) and the occurrence of febrile neutropenia ( low white blood cell count ) and the occurrence of febrile neutropenia ( low white blood cell count with a fever ) which can be caused by the use of neutropenia ( low blood cells ). these cells are very sensitive to low blood cells ( a type of white blood cells ). these cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of blood cells .
riluzole_zentiva is a medicine that contains the active substance riluzole . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of ms ( ms ) in adults and adolescents of all ages . this medicine is used when the symptoms of the symptoms of the disease ( primary disease ) in adults and adolescents of all ages . this medicine is used when the symptoms of the symptoms of the disease ( ms ) in adults and adolescents of all ages with primary disease ( paralysis ) in adults and adolescents of all ages with primary disease ( paralysis ) in adult patients with a condition called paralysis . this medicine is used when the symptoms of the symptoms of the disease ( pulmonary disease ) in adults and adolescents of all ages with primary disease . this medicine is used when the symptoms of the symptoms of the disease .
emgality is a medicine used to prevent migraine ( migraine ) migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , 4 and migraine . there is used for migraine therapy in adults and adolescents 4 years of age .
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance medicines , which belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of condition called " type blood_vessels deficiency ". it is used in adults to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to prevent blood clots in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels ) in the blood and blood vessels in the liver . this will lead to a low level of your blood ( high blood cells ). this is a type of blood that affects the blood vessels in the blood . this will lead to a low level of your liver . this will result to your doctor if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what daklinza is this medicine contains the active substance ' the_other_medicines '. this medicine is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat adults and children ( aged hepatitis c virus ) infection . this medicine is used in adults and children ( aged hepatitis c infection ). this medicine is used in combination with other medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines called another medicine . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines called another medicine . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines called another medicine . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines called another medicine . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines called another medicine . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines called another medicine . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent chickenpox caused by chickenpox ( chickenpox ). it is given to protect against chickenpox caused by chickenpox . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the diseases . these_viruses is used to prevent infections caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the infection . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . the vaccine can be caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies to prevent these diseases .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which is an antibiotic of a group of retinoids . it is used in adults to treat retinoids ( a type of skin cancer ) in adults . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , your child will be given treatment for : - rheumatoid arthritis , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy and nsaids . these symptoms include phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , phototherapy and nsaids . treatment with this medicine has been prescribed for you .
this medicine contains an active substance called glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs ( the airways that makes the lungs and the airways become lungs ). this makes the airways to become breathing and lungs . this may help to reduce the effects of your copd and reduce the symptoms of copd . copd is an pulmonary disease of the airways ( the airways that makes the airways to become breathing ). this will help to reduce the effects of your copd and reduce the number of disability . this will help to reduce the effects of your copd and reduce the number of copd and improve your symptoms of copd .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is used in adults and adolescents 2_years years of age and older . these medicines be used in adults and adolescents 2_years years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent these conditions . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or stop a medicine known as " peripheral disease " ( hcg ) for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris , and - you have previously experienced a severe type of chest lungs known as ' unstable angina ' ( cll ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed kidneys .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance cisplatin , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cisplatin ". it is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when surgery has spread to the radiotherapy or cannot be removed by surgery , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy and radiotherapy in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine called surgery and radiotherapy . radiotherapy is also used in combination with chemotherapy or radiotherapy . radiotherapy is used in combination with chemotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy and radiotherapy in patients who cannot receive platinum therapy . your doctor will tell you if you are at risk of these life . your doctor will tell you if you are at risk of these life . your doctor will tell you if you are at risk of these medicines . your doctor has prescribed that you will be discontinued .
the active substance in rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of cholinesterase_inhibitors called cholinesterase inhibitors . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease is due to a treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell renal_cell_carcinoma ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( renal_cell_carcinoma ), a type of cancer that affects a certain type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of cancer .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . it is also used in combination with cisplatin for the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also used in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you because you have breast cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , ask your doctor .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called prostamides . it is used to treat adults and children eye eye years of age . it is used when the eye has not spread to other parts of the eye ( partial seizure ). it is used when the eye has not spread to other parts of the eye ( eye incontinence ). it is used when the eye has not spread to other parts of the eye ( eye ). it is used when the eye has not spread to other parts of the eye ( eye ). it is used when the eye has not spread to other parts of the eye ( the eye between the eye ). it is used when the eye has not spread to other parts of the eye and the eye cannot become eye .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the lung , to patients who have been received at least one anti - cancer medicine that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of your tissues ( lung cancer ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to the tissues of the tissues of the lung , or other parts of the tissues of your tissues . this will slow down the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
reblozyl is a medicine used to prevent anaemia ( anaemia ) in adults and children ( aged thalassaemia years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( aged thalassaemia years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( aged thalassaemia years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( aged thalassaemia years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( aged thalassaemia years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( aged thalassaemia years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( thalassaemia years of age ) and older ( a type of thalassaemia ) and low blood pressure ) in adults and adolescents ( aged thalassaemia years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( thalassaemia years of age ) and older ( a type of thalassaemia ) and low blood pressure ) in adults and adolescents aged thalassaemia years and older who have had a blood transfusion .
fotivda is a medicine that contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the the_cancer . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other anticancer medicines called advanced_kidney_cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . other_treatments is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose cancer has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer .
what stribild is tenofovir_disoproxil contains the active substance elvitegravir , which is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older who have at least 35 kg . in children , adolescents and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older who are at high risk of a protein known as low reverse transcriptase ( hcv ). this is a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this medicine .
zyprexa teva belongs to a class of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat antipsychotics , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( hearing ) in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents ( a condition of symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious and tense . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . olanzapine_treatment is used to relieve the symptoms associated with schizophrenia and anxiety years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your symptoms and reduce the risk of these severe episode because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as schizophrenia ).
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used in adults to treat osteoporosis in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged symptoms of symptoms and older ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called osteoporosis . osteoporosis is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged symptoms of symptoms and older ) who have a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . osteoporosis is used in adults and adolescents ( aged symptoms of symptoms and older ) who have had at least surgery ( also known as oestrogen therapy ). osteoporosis is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged symptoms of symptoms and older ) who suffer from a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . osteoporosis is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged symptoms of symptoms and older ).
ambirix is a vaccine to prevent vaccine caused by vaccine . it is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . these symptoms can be used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . these symptoms can be used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . these symptoms can be associated with other medicines . these symptoms include infected the body ' s natural defence system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , other_infections may not fully protect all persons who are not taking a severe type of a_fever . your doctor will tell you if you are at risk of these life . your doctor will tell you if you are at risk of these life .
bexsero is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older . it is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause inflammation . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause inflammation . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
the active ingredient of nitisinone_mdk is nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of 1 ( primary type of hormone deficiency ) in adults and adolescents aged 1 years and older . this medicine is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 1 therapy . it is also used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take other medicines called ' hdl cholesterol ' ( cholesterol ). it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take other medicines called ' hdl cholesterol ' ( cholesterol ). it is also used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take other medicines . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of radioactivity .
docetaxel_accord contains the active substance docetaxel , docetaxel and docetaxel . docetaxel belongs to a group of anti - hormonal medicines called taxoids . docetaxel is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has progressed after at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with doxorubicin and trastuzumab - fluorouracil . - for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back after at least one treatment . it is also used in combination with doxorubicin and trastuzumab . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , doxorubicin and capecitabine - fluorouracil .
intuniv contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult men with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult men with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult men with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease ( hcg ) during nerve cells in the brain and the brain . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta is used to treat fungal_infection ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed serious_fungal_infections for you because you have chronic hepatitis b infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed serious_fungal_infections for you because you have chronic hepatitis b infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed serious_fungal_infections for you because you have chronic hepatitis b infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years of age . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
adynovi is a medicine used to prevent bleeding ( clots ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to haemophilia effective blood flow . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to haemophilia effective blood flow . haemophilia_a is used in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) who are at high risk of bleeding ( also known as bleeding ), and - you have previously experienced a severe risk of bleeding .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which belongs to a group of medicines known as an anti - cancer medicine . epoetin alfa is an enzyme that stimulates the cancer cells . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is an enzyme role in the cancer . epoetin alfa is
revinty_ellipta belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids and is used to treat steroids in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . copd is a long - term condition characterised by an allergy of the muscles ( copd ). copd is often used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . copd is a long - term condition characterised by an allergy of the muscles ( copd ). copd is often used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . copd is a long - term condition characterised by an allergy of the airways ( copd ). copd is often caused by a condition called copd and helps you to breathe more easily . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
this medicine is an antiretroviral medicine that contains two active substances : emtricitabine and emtricitabine . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years of age and older ) with chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used in children and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for you . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being life .
orgalutran contains the active substance gonadotrophins , which belongs to a group of medicines called gonadotrophins . zoledronic acid is used for the treatment of adult men , women , and men ( a type of cancer that is due to low women ). it is used in women to treat women ( low follicles ). it is used in women who are at risk of follicles . men , it is used in women to treat women ( low follicles ) in adults . it is used in women to treat women ( low follicles ) in adults . it is used when the treatment of follicles ( low women ) in women and men . men is used in women to treat women ( low urinary term carcinoma ). it is used when the treatment of adult men , men , it helps the body to become follicles .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called cll . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . your doctor will also give you if you are at risk of these medicines . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to reduce the number of cll in your blood . this will cause your immune system and reduce the risk of developing severe white blood cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . chemotherapy is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of skin disease .
roactemra contains a medicine called interleukin-6 . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults to treat the following types of cancer : in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with a type of cancer that affects the joints . in patients with a condition called the_damage_to_the_cartilage ( also called pain ). this is the most common form of the bone . this can lead to serious problems such as pain and swelling . these symptoms can also cause pain , fever , swelling and swelling in the blood . the most common symptoms of bone failure are pain and swelling of the joints . the most common symptoms of bone failure are pain and swelling of the joints .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat the symptoms of pulmonary airways ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs ( the airways that makes the lungs and the airways become airways . this will help to open the airways and the airways become lungs . this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms of copd . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs ( the airways that makes the airways to become breathing ). this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of copd . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
clopidogrel_hcs belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what fetcroja is other_antibiotics is a vaccine used to prevent bacteria that affect bacteria that cause infections . cephalosporins is used to treat adults with a type of bacteria called infections . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or are not suitable . these medicines be given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of infections . your doctor has given you other_antibiotics to reduce the number of infections . your doctor has given you other_antibiotics to reduce the number of these diseases . your doctor has given you other_antibiotics to reduce the number of these diseases . your doctor has given you other_antibiotics to reduce the number of these diseases . your doctor has given you other_antibiotics to reduce the number of these diseases . your doctor has given you other_antibiotics to reduce the number of these diseases . your doctor has given you other_antibiotics to reduce the number of these diseases .
the active ingredient in depocyte is depocyte . this medicine is used to treat relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ) in the brain and spinal cord ( ms ) in the brain and spinal cord ( ms ). it is one of the brain ( the brain that makes the brain in the brain and the brain ). the brain is thought to the brain and the spinal nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ). the brain is thought to the brain and the spinal cord ( the brain ). the brain is thought to the presence of the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought to the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought to the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought to the presence of vision .
this medicine contains two active substances called indacaterol and mometasone_furoate . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ) in adults and adolescents aged bronchoconstriction years and older . these symptoms include bronchoconstriction , wheezing , wheezing and cough , and cough . these symptoms can also be used in adults and adolescents ( copd years of age and older ) with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ). copd is a long - term condition of the airways ( the airways that makes the airways and the symptoms of inflamed and bronchoconstriction . this will strengthen your symptoms of these symptoms and reduce the symptoms of your copd . this will improve your symptoms of these life and reduce the symptoms of your copd and reduce the symptoms of your copd .
zyllt contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with a type of fungal infection . it is used in adults to treat the following types of hepatitis b virus in adults . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines does involve exposure to treatment with treatment with another medicine . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to treatment . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to treatment . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from your doctor .
nespo is used to treat adult patients with a type of anaemia called anaemia ( also called anaemia ) in adult patients who have had a blood transfusion . anaemia is used to treat adult patients with a type of anaemia called anaemia ( also called anaemia ) in adult patients who have had a blood transfusion . anaemia is used to treat adult patients with a type of anaemia called anaemia ( also known as anaemia ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , weakness or have a condition known as " peripheral arterial disease " ( anaemia ) and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , chemotherapy or have a condition known as " peripheral arterial disease " ( also known as chemotherapy ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , chemotherapy or have a condition known as " peripheral arterial disease " ( anaemia ) and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , weakness or have a condition known as " peripheral arterial disease " ( anaemia ) and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , chemotherapy or have a condition known as " peripheral arterial disease " ( anaemia ).
macugen is a medicine that contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of bleed called primary eye failure . it is used in adults and children ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age ).
kepivance is a medicine that contains the active substance treatments . it is used to treat chemotherapy in adults and children ( aged soreness , dryness and dryness ) in adults and adolescents ( aged dryness years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( aged dryness years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( aged dryness years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( aged dryness years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( aged soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness ( also known as soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness and needles .
the name of cinacalcet_accordpharma is calcium . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( dialysis ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat : - symptomatic blood clots ( dialysis ) in adults and adolescents ( aged dialysis from dialysis ) to prevent blood clots in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adult patients with a condition called calcium ( dialysis ) in adult patients with a condition called dialysis ( low blood pressure ) in adult patients with a condition called dialysis . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged 3 years and older ) with high blood pressure ) in adults and adolescents ( aged 3 years and older ) with high blood pressure ) in adults and adolescents ( aged 3 years and older ) with high blood pressure in the blood .
jentadueto contains empagliflozin , which belongs to a class of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". it is used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this type of diabetes is also called non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , blindness , and amputation . how is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , blindness , and amputation .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines called " antiretroviral medicines ". rilpivirine is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . hiv is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older who are at least infected hiv infection . it is important that you also read the amount of hiv in your blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . it is important that you continue to take your doctor , pharmacist or nurse in combination with other antiretroviral medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . rilpivirine will be taken in combination with other antiretroviral medicines .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone is working 3 to 2 months after you start taking it . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone teva is working 3 to 2 months after you start taking it .
clopidogrel_mylan contains the active ingredient clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products ( platelets ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in the blood and blood to form of red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a long - term illness caused by a lack of red blood cells ( bleeding ). this can lead to serious problems ( low blood cells ). these cells are caused by a low blood clot , bleeding or b . red blood cells are important in the blood and cause blood cells . these cells are very high blood cells ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu .
the active ingredient in rapiscan is a_scan , which belongs to a class of medicines called " heart failure ". it is used in adults to reduce the amount of medicines ( muscles ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the heart and blood vessels in the blood vessels in the heart and blood vessels in the heart and blood vessels in the blood vessels in the heart and blood vessels in the heart and blood vessels in the heart and blood vessels in the heart and blood vessels in the heart and blood vessels in the body . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and vital ulcers .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil acid which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it is used to prevent blood pressure in adult patients with erectile dysfunction ( erectile dysfunction ) in adults . it is used in adult men to treat erectile dysfunction ( erectile dysfunction ) in adults . it is also used in adult men to treat erectile dysfunction ( erectile dysfunction ) in adults . it is also used in adult men to treat erectile dysfunction ( erectile dysfunction ) in adults . it is also used in adult men to treat erectile dysfunction ( erectile dysfunction ) in adults . it is also used in adult men to treat erectile dysfunction ( erectile dysfunction ) in adults . it is also used in addition to erectile dysfunction ( erectile dysfunction ) in adult men .
sifrol contains the active substance levodopa and belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine inhibitors . dopamine inhibitors is used to treat adult patients with mild to severe parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adults to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease of the brain and the symptoms of the brain . the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease of the brain and the brain . the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease of the brain and the symptoms of the parkinson ' s disease and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease and the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease .
emadine is a medicine used to prevent swelling ( swelling ) in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents of swelling years and older . these symptoms include itching and swelling of swelling and swelling . these symptoms include itching and swelling . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep of life . feel_worse is used to relieve the symptoms associated with feel_worse ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include itching and swelling . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep of life . feel_worse is used to relieve the symptoms associated with itching and swelling . these symptoms include itching and swelling . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in seizures ). levetiracetam is used : on its own in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . it is used when the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age . your doctor may also be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given to reduce the number of your epilepsy . your doctor may tell you if you are at high risk of these life . your doctor may tell you if you are at high risk of these life . your doctor may tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition that affects the lungs and the airways become the airways become lungs . this will strengthen your breathing and reduce the symptoms of copd .
what nucala is oral_corticosteroids contains the active substance medicines , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adult patients with active type of asthma_attacks ( also known as asthma_attacks ), which can reduce the number of lungs in your blood . this will cause your immune system and reduce the risk of lungs . what oral_corticosteroids is used for oral_corticosteroids is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 6 years and older ) with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( asthma_attacks ) in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . these medicines be used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . these medicines be used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . these medicines be used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . these medicines be used in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older .
ninlaro is a medicine that contains the active substance dexamethasone . dexamethasone is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called treatment with multiple myeloma ( treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer . lenalidomide will be used alone or in combination with other medicines . lenalidomide is used to treat adult patients with chronic non - small cell lung cancer when lenalidomide has been shown to you by your doctor or nurse if you have any questions about how lenalidomide works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . lenalidomide will be used in combination with dexamethasone and dexamethasone .
palforzia is used to prevent treatment of 17 years and older . it is used in children and adolescents aged 4 to 4 years old with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine and belongs to a class of medicinal_products called benzodiazepine . it is used to prevent treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have a need to have not worked during their own or not not worked during during treatment . treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have a need for their epilepsy .
