what incivo is peginterferon_alfa contains the active substance ribavirin . ribavirin is an antiretroviral medicine that contains the active substances ribavirin and ribavirin . ribavirin is used to treat adults and adolescents aged hepatitis_c_virus years and older . it is used for the treatment of hepatitis b virus infection in adults , adolescents and children aged hepatitis_c_virus years and older who have had at least one years of hiv infection . ribavirin is used for the treatment of the following types of previously severe hepatitis b infection in adults , adolescents and children aged hepatitis_c_virus years and older who have previously had at least one anti - hiv infection . ribavirin is used for the treatment of hepatitis b infection in adults and adolescents aged hepatitis_c_infection years and older who have previously had at least previously treated who have previously had at least one anti - hiv infection .
the active ingredient of zinbryta is demyelination . this medicine is used to treat ms ( ms ) in adults and children aged inflammation years of age and older . it is used to treat ms ( ms ) in adults and children ( children and children ) with ms ( ms ). ms is caused by the hepatitis b virus ( ms ). ms is used to treat ms ( ms ). ms is caused by the hepatitis b virus ( inflammation of the nerves and spinal cord and spinal cord . demyelination is used to treat ms ( ms ). ms is caused by the hepatitis b virus ( ms ). ms is also used to treat ms ( ms ). ms is used to treat ms in adults and children aged inflammation years of age with idiopathic disease ( ms ). ms is used to treat ms ( ms ).
wilzin contains the active substance medicines , which belongs to a group of medicines called wilson's_disease inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and children aged liver_damage years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged liver_damage years of age and older ( a type of liver_damage that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ). it is used in adults and adolescents aged liver_damage years of age and older ( a type of liver_damage that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ). it is used in adults and adolescents aged liver_damage years of age with idiopathic disease ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ). this can lead to serious problems such as liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , and liver_damage .
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 years and older . it is used to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . it is used to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . it is used to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older who are at at least hiv infection . it is used to treat hiv infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 years and older who are at at least one hiv infection . it is used when your hiv does not make enough infection . your doctor will tell you if you are at other hiv infection . your doctor will discuss with other other hiv medicines .
novonorm is a medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar .
pumarix is used to prevent flu ( influenza ) infection caused by the hepatitis b virus ( flu ). none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu .
what somakit_toc is tumours contains the active substance tumours , which belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of tumours called non - small cell body_areas ( tumours ). tumours is used to treat adult patients with a type of tumours called tumours ( a type of cancer that is thought to have a low level of the body_areas ( tumours ) in the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body_areas ( tumours ) in the body_areas and the body ' s natural defences ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body_areas ( the body ' s natural defences ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body_areas ( the body ' s natural defences ).
afinitor contains the active substance everolimus , which belongs to a group of non - cancer medicines called everolimus . growth hormone is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell cancer ( postmenopausal cancer cells ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the stomach , which has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this special cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term disease of the lungs ( pulmonary airways ) in the lungs and lungs in the lungs and lungs . these symptoms include copd , wheezing , wheezing , attack and attack . there is also used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is used to relieve the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms of copd ( copd ).
tremfya contains the active substance il-23 , which belongs to a group of anti - hormonal medicines called il-23 . it is used to treat adults and children aged skin years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged skin years and older . these symptoms include itching and pain , itching , itching and pain , pain , pain and pain , pain , pain and pain , pain , pain and pain , pain , itching and pain , pain , itching and pain , pain , itching and pain , pain , itching and pain , pain , itching and pain , pain , itching and pain , pain , itching and pain , pain , itching and pain , pain , itching and pain , pain , itching and pain , pain , itching and pain , pain , itching and pain , pain , itching and pain , pain , itching and pain , pain , itching and pain , pain , itching and pain , pain , itching and scaling .
trepulmix contains the active substance oxygen , which belongs to a class of medicines called hormone receptor antagonists . it is used to treat high blood pressure in adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the body . this lowers the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the body . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels is lowered . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and destroy the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels to relax . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels to relax . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels to the heart .
the active ingredient in thorinane is enoxaparin_sodium . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . this condition is also used for the treatment of adult patients with type 2 gaucher disease ( also known as a heart failure ). this condition is caused by a condition called ' heart failure ". this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming in your blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as operation , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as heart failure , heart failure , heart failure and heart failure . this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called ' class 2 deficiency '. this condition is caused by a condition called " heart failure ( also known as a heart attack ).
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine . prilocaine belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase penis blockers . prilocaine is used to prevent head and penis caused by penis to prevent head and ejaculation in men . it is used in adults to prevent ejaculation ( lifelong_premature_ejaculation incontinence ) in adults , adolescents and children aged lifelong_premature_ejaculation years of age . it is used for the treatment of ejaculation in men , adolescents and children aged lifelong_premature_ejaculation years of age and older ( a type of ejaculation that is thought to have a genetic genetic cause ). it is used for the treatment of lifelong_premature_ejaculation ( ejaculation ) in adults , adolescents and children aged lifelong_premature_ejaculation years of age and older ( a type of ejaculation that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic cause ). it is used to prevent ejaculation in men , adolescents and children aged lifelong_premature_ejaculation years of age .
opdivo is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of non - cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called nivolumab . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given other medicines .
clopidogrel_tad belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , heart attack or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , atherosclerosis or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains the active ingredient the_active_substance_tacrolimus , which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type your_organ_transplant ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged kidney years and older . it is used when the treatment has spread to other parts of your body . your doctor will be given rejection to reduce the number of rejection in your blood . rejection is used to treat adult patients with a type of heart failure called non - small cell heart failure that has not spread to other parts of your body . your doctor will tell you if you are at your medicines for your treatment with diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given you .
clopidogrel_zentiva belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , heart attack or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , atherosclerosis or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
the active substance in yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - cancer cell cancer ) in adult patients whose cancer has not responded to other parts of the cftr gene . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer cell cancer cells ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer cell cancer cells ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced ' s cancer . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell cancer .
the name of this medicine is ciambra . this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance cisplatin and cisplatin . it is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has spread to other parts of your body . it is also used in combination with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has spread to other parts of your bone marrow ( also known as treatment ). it is also used in combination with cisplatin for the treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . treatment with this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . treatment with this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is used to treat hepatitis b virus ( infected hepatitis hepatitis b virus infection infection . it is used to treat hepatitis b virus infection in adults and adolescents aged vaccination and children who are at least one years of age . hepatitis hepatitis b virus is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b virus is used to treat hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b infection . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b infection .
what remicade is infliximab contains an active substance called infliximab . this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the body . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines called treatments . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your medicines will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your medicines will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your medicines will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
the active substance in rasagiline_mylan is levodopa . levodopa is a medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of brain disease called non - small disease ( dopamine ) in adult patients with a condition called dopamine . it is used in adults and adolescents ( a condition called ' class receptor deficiency ) in adult patients with a condition called levodopa . levodopa is used in adults and adolescents ( a type of consciousness ) in the brain ) in adult patients with a condition called levodopa . it is used when the symptoms of the parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with a condition called levodopa . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease ( dopamine ).
yellox belongs to a class of medicines called nsaids . it is used to prevent inflammation of the following types of inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation of inflammation . inflammation of the bone marrow to reduce the number of red blood cells . inflammation of the bone marrow to reduce the number of red blood cells . inflammation of the bone marrow to reduce the number of red blood cells . inflammation of the bone marrow and reduce the number of new cancer cells . inflammation of the bone marrow and reduce the number of new cancer cells . inflammation of the bone marrow and reduce the number of new cancer cells . inflammation of the bone marrow and reduce the number of new cancer cells . inflammation of the bone marrow and reduce the number of new cancer cells . inflammation .
the active substance in dzuveo is sufentanil , which belongs to a class of opioids called opioids . opioids is used for the treatment of opioids in adult men . opioids is used for the treatment of opioids in women , adolescents and children , adolescents and children who are at least one hormone therapy . opioids is only used for the treatment of adult men , women and women who are at least one hormone therapy . opioids is only used for the treatment of adult men , women and adolescents who are at least one hormone therapy . opioids is only used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . opioids is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . opioids is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . opioids is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
what erleada is surgical_treatment contains the active substance testosterone , which is used to treat adult patients with a type of testosterone cancer cancer . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body .
axumin contains the active substance radiation , which belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with low ' s disease .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide and belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type glaucoma ( pde5 ) inhibitors . brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults , adolescents and children from glaucoma in the blood vessels ( pulmonary hypertension ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( pulmonary hypertension ). this lowers the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure is lowered . brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults , adolescents and children over one years of age with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the lungs and toe ulcers that help to prevent your normal daily activities . brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults and adolescents .
the active ingredient in forxiga is dapagliflozin . dapagliflozin is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin . your doctor will tell you if you are at high blood sugar .
the active ingredient of mepact is 30 . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( children and children ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the back of the back of the back of the back of the back of the back of the bone marrow ( back ) in the bone marrow ( back ) in the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) in the bone marrow , which can lead to bone ( bone marrow cancer ). chemotherapy is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the back of the back of the back of the back of the bone marrow ( back ) in the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) and the back of the back of the back .
mirvaso contains the active substance skin and belongs to a group of medicines called skin inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and children aged skin years and older . it is used in adults to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ). face is used in adults and children ( a type of face that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ). this lowers the amount of face in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the skin .
mvasi is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell cancer ( non - small cell cancer ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose cancer has spread to other parts of the body . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the active ingredient of tecartus is the_cancer_cells . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called a type of type of white blood cells called ' blood cell carcinoma ( a type of white blood cells ). this type of white blood cells are involved in the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body .
januvia contains the active substance dpp-4_inhibitors , which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp-4_inhibitors glucose inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat type 2 diabetes in adults . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin . your body can also make too much sugar .
xultophy contains the active substance insulin_degludec . this medicine is used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this medicine helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . basal_insulin is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of insulin in your blood .
giotrif is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used for the treatment of advanced cancer cancer cancer ( cancer cell cancer cells ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - cancer cell cancer cancer ( cancer cell cancer cells ), a cancer cell cancer cells ), the cancer cells grow ( egfr epidermal cancer cells ). this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the cancer cells . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the cancer cells . this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - cancer cell cancer ( cancer cell cancer ), cancer cells ), the cancer cells grow out of the cancer cells .
what orkambi is long-term_treatment contains the active substance ivacaftor . this medicine is used to treat adults aged 6 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who are at least 6 years of age and adolescents aged 6 years and older who are at least 6 years of age and adolescents aged 6 years and older who have had at least 6 years of age and adolescents aged 6 years and older who have had at least 6 years of age and adolescents aged 6 years and older who are at least 6 years of age . ivacaftor is used for the treatment of cf in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who are at least 6 years of age who are at least 6 years of age . ivacaftor is used for the treatment of the parkinson ' s disease ).
lynparza is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance ovarian_cancer . this medicine is used for the treatment of advanced cancer cancer ( advanced cancer cell cancer ), cancer cell cancer cells . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the surface of your cancer . advanced breast cancer is a cancer cancer that has spread beyond the original surface of the cancer cells ), the cancer cells grow out of the surface of the cancer cells ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the surface of your cancer . advanced cancer cells has spread to other parts of the surface of the cancer . this will slow down the cancer cells grow and the cancer cells grow out of control . this protein is used for the treatment of patients with advanced cancer cell cancer .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone , naloxone and naloxone . this medicine is used for the treatment of opioids in adults who have had at least one years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who are at least one years of age and who are at least least one years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who are at least one years of age who cannot be treated with a medicine called naloxone . this medicine is used for the treatment of overdose in adult patients whose disease has responded to treatment with a medicine called naloxone . this medicine is used for the treatment of overdose in adult patients whose disease has responded to treatment with a medicine called " overdose ". this medicine has been prescribed for you .
the active substance in ovaleap is fsh . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( a type of cancer ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole , voriconazole and voriconazole . voriconazole is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older who have had at least one years of age . candidaemia is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older who have had at least one years of age . candidaemia is also used for the treatment of the following types of infections in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older who have had at least one years of age . candidaemia is also used for the treatment of adult patients who have had at least one years of age . candidaemia is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of fungal fungal cancer called non - small cell lung cancer .
the active ingredient of mvabea genuair is this_vaccine . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older . it is used to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older who are at least one years of age . it is also used in adults and children aged 1 years and older who are at least one years of age and older who are at least one years of age . it is also used in adults and children aged 1 years and older who are at least one years of age who are at least one years of age . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable . this medicine is used in adults and children aged 1 years and older who are at least one years of age with a type of ebola .
bondronat contains the active substance bisphosphonates , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell other_bone_problems ( surgery ). it is also used in adults and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the bones ( known as surgery , surgery , surgery , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker and bone .
the active ingredient of zeposia is inflammation . it belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called inflammation . it is used to treat adults and children ( children and children ) with a type of inflammation affecting the brain ( the body ' s immune system ) to reduce the number of inflammation in the blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ) to protect your body ' s immune system and spinal cord . this medicine is used in adults and children ( a type of inflammation that affects the body ' s immune system ) and other parts of the brain . ms is also used in adults and children ( a type of disappear that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic disease ). this medicine is used to treat the symptoms of symptoms of the disease ( ms ) in adults and children .
temybric_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used when the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition that affects the lungs and lungs . this will reduce the number of copd in your blood . this will improve your breathing and reduce the effects of developing illnesses linked to copd . bronchodilators is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with a condition called copd . copd is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with a condition called copd .
what zinforo is an_antibiotic_medicine contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine , which belongs to a group of medicines called infections_of_the_skin . it is used to treat adults and children aged skin years and older . it is used to treat adults and children ( children and children ) who are at least one years of age . the vaccine has spread to other parts of the skin . the vaccine has spread to other parts of the skin . the vaccine has been shown to other parts of the skin . the vaccine has spread to other parts of the skin and spinal cord . this medicine is used to treat children and children ( children and children ) who are at least one years of age . the vaccine has spread to other parts of the skin . the vaccine works by stopping the growth and spinal cord .
pregabalin_pfizer contains the active substance pregabalin_pfizer and belongs to a group of medicines called epilepsy . it is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults , adolescents and children aged diabetes years and older . it is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults , adolescents and children aged diabetes years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged diabetes years and older . it is also used to relieve the symptoms associated with diabetes ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). this medicine is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults , adolescents and children aged diabetes years and older . this condition is also used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults , adolescents and children aged diabetes years and older . this condition is also used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults , adolescents and children aged diabetes years and older .
the active substance in xadago is levodopa . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used when the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used when the symptoms of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ) in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used when the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ) in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used when the symptoms of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called disease . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . disease is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . disease is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body .
what hefiya is adalimumab contains the active substance adalimumab , a monoclonal antibody , which is an anti - cancer medicine . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins called adalimumab . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins called adalimumab . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins called adalimumab . monoclonal antibodies attach to the target in the body . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe plaque disease . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
what ritemvia is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab , which is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( a type of white blood cells ). it is also used in adults and children ( a type of skin cancer that affects a certain type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called ' b ". this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( also known as an abnormal disease ). it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called chemotherapy . this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( also known as a skin medicine caused by an abnormal disease ).
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , capecitabine and capecitabine . it belongs to a group of medicines called anti - cancer medicines . capecitabine is used to treat advanced non - small cell capecitabine ( capecitabine ). her2 is a cancer of the cancer . it is also used in combination with capecitabine ( another anti - cancer cancer ). it is also used when the treatment has spread to other parts of the tumour . it is also used in combination with capecitabine ( another anti - cancer cancer ). it is also used in combination with capecitabine ( another anti - cancer cancer ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to the presence of the cancer . pemetrexed will be used either alone or in combination with other medicines , capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , surgery , capecitabine and capecitabine .
the active ingredient in silodosin_recordati , alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers , belongs to a class of alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used in adults and adolescents aged alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers years and over ' s disease ( urethra ) in adult patients with a condition called tissues such as tissues ( tissues ) in adult men . it is also used in adult patients with a condition called tissues . this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms of urethra in adult patients with a condition called tissues such as tissues ( tissues ) in adult patients with a condition called tissues . it is used in adult patients with a condition called tissues ( class of consciousness ) in adult patients with a condition called tissues ( a condition known as a condition known as a condition known as a condition known as prostatic_hyperplasia , which is not possible .
kinzalmono is a medicine used to prevent high blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in your blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as heart_or_kidney_failure , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as heart_or_kidney_failure , heart failure , heart attack or kidney failure . lowering the blood flow to a normal level reduces the risk of developing these disorders . primary hypercholesterolaemia is when the high blood pressure is not controlled enough when they are at high risk for such events . primary hypercholesterolaemia is when the high blood pressure is not controlled enough when they are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . primary hypercholesterolaemia is when the high blood pressure is not controlled enough .
afstyla is a medicine used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in adults . it is used in adults and children ( children and older ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a condition known as haemophilia a process caused by an allergy ). clot is also used for the treatment of clot in adults and children ( a condition known as haemophilia clot is caused by a lack of red blood cells . it is also used for the treatment of patients with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( a disease caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include haemophilia a process to prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to haemophilia an increased risk of developing blood cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
praxbind contains the active substance pradaxa . pradaxa is used to treat adult patients with a type of pradaxa called pradaxa . pradaxa is used in adults and children ( another type of lung cancer ) in your blood vessels ( pradaxa ), a type of white blood cell ) in your blood vessels ( a type of blood cells ). it is used when your condition does not respond well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called pradaxa . pradaxa is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' kidney disease . pradaxa is used in adults and children ( another type of lung cancer ). it is used when your disease has responded to you if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
temomedac contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( radiotherapy_(concomitant_phase_of_treatment ), a process known as 3 , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as glioblastoma_multiforme , heart attack , or anaplastic_astrocytoma ). this medicine helps to prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of 3 in your blood . this helps to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as glioblastoma_multiforme , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as glioblastoma_multiforme , heart attack , or anaplastic_astrocytoma ). you have been prescribed this medicine to reduce blood clots and reduce the risk of developing these disorders because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as 3 ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , glioblastoma_multiforme or have a condition known as " arterial disease ).
cialis contains the active substance 5 and belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of 5 ( pulmonary hypertension ) in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 5 diabetes . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 5 diabetes in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older who suffer from a condition called erectile dysfunction . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 5 diabetes in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older who suffer from a condition called erectile dysfunction . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older .
the active ingredient in enyglid is repaglinide . repaglinide is a medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar .
azacitidine_mylan is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance azacitidine . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell diseases ( aml ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( the body ' s natural defences ).
duotrav contains the active substance timolol . timolol is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults , adolescents and children ( glaucoma ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a condition known as glaucoma , glaucoma , glaucoma , glaucoma , glaucoma , glaucoma and glaucoma . pressure is also used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a condition called glaucoma ) and primary high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( arteries ). this can lead to serious problems ( such as glaucoma , heart failure , heart failure , glaucoma and glaucoma . there is also used to treat high blood pressure in adults ( class years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( primary type of primary epilepsy ). primary primary high blood pressure in adult patients with primary high blood pressure .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which belongs to a group of medicines called immunoglobulins . it is used to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older . it is used in adults and children ( aged 1 years and older ) who have a type of white blood cells called bleeding . itp is used in adults and children aged 1 years and older who are at at least one years of age . it is also used in adults and children ( aged 1 years and older ) who have a type of white blood cells called low blood cells . it is also used in adults and adolescents aged 1 years and older who are at least one years of age . it is also used in adults and children ( aged 1 years and older ) who have a type of white blood cells called bleeding .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition that affects the airways become copd and lungs . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with idiopathic generalised pulmonary epilepsy ( copd ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( a condition called copd ) in adults and adolescents .
adasuve contains the active substance antipsychotics and belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic non - term lung disease ( schizophrenia ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( a condition called schizophrenia ) in adult patients whose disease has responded to olanzapine treatment . it is used in adults and adolescents ( a condition called schizophrenia ) in adult patients whose disease has responded to olanzapine treatment . it is used in adults and adolescents ( a condition called schizophrenia ) in adult patients whose disease has responded to olanzapine treatment . it is used in adults and adolescents ( a condition called schizophrenia ) in adult patients whose disease has responded to olanzapine treatment . schizophrenia is used in adults and adolescents ( a condition called schizophrenia ) in adult patients whose disease has responded to olanzapine treatment .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance an_anti-cancer_agent , which belongs to a group of medicines called bone_marrow inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( aml ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body .
the active substance in cerdelga is your_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults and children . it is used in adults and children and children ( a type of liver cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . it is used in adults and children , children and children ( a type of liver cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used in adults and children , children and children ( a type of liver cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used in adults and children , children and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira , zoledronic_acid , belongs to a class of bisphosphonates called bisphosphonates . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called non - small cell primary_site ( tih ). it is also used in adult patients ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the bone . it is also used in adult patients ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the bone . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). it is also used in adult patients ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the bone . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). it is also used in adult patients ( a type of cancer that is thought to have a genetic change ).
varuby is a medicine that contains the active ingredient chemotherapy . it is used to treat adults and children ( a type of nausea and older ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of nausea and older ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of nausea and older ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of vomiting that is thought to have a genetic genetic cause or have not improved during treatment . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( a type of vomiting that is thought to have a genetic genetic cause or have not worked well enough or have not worked or have not worked to have stopped during treatment . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( a type of vomiting that is thought to have a genetic genetic cause or have not worked or have not worked .
enerzair_breezhaler contains the active substance indacaterol and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used for the treatment of pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary hypertension ( steroids ) in adults and adolescents aged asthma - pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary lungs ( wheezing ). it is used in adults to reduce the number of bronchoconstriction in your blood vessels ( pulmonary hypertension ) to reduce the number of bronchoconstriction in the blood vessels in the lungs and lungs . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called asthma , a condition with symptoms such as wheezing , wheezing , wheezing and cough . there is also used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called asthma , wheezing , wheezing and cough .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh contains the active ingredient platelets , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
delstrigo contains the active substance tenofovir_disoproxil . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called 'antiretroviral_medicines inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called hiv_infection inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called hiv_infection inhibitors . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called hiv_infection inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least 18 years of age . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least 18 years of age . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least 18 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least 18 years of age .
spravato contains the active substance depression and belongs to a class of medicines called 2 inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression and depression .
zelboraf contains the active substance melanoma , which is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - cancer cell cancer ( melanoma ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body , but has spread to other parts of the body , but has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body .
duoplavin contains the active substance clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , heart attack or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as stroke ). clopidogrel can reduce the number of new finger in your blood .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide and belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 18 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over 18 years of age with idiopathic failure in adults , adolescents and children over 18 years of age with idiopathic failure ( primary type of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic genetic ) in the eyes and the eyes is not possible . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ) that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ).
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim , which belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called cytokines . filgrastim is used to reduce blood clots ( low blood cell count ) in adults . filgrastim is a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . it is used in adults to reduce the number of neutropenia ( low blood cell count ) in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell count ). it is used when the occurrence of neutropenia ( low blood cell count ) in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell count ). it is used when the occurrence of neutropenia ( low blood cell count ) in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell count ). it is used in adults to prevent blood clots ( low blood cell count ).
the active ingredient in riluzole_zentiva is riluzole . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( children and children ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of paralysis that affects the muscles of the muscles of the muscles of the muscles of the muscles of the muscles of the muscles of the muscles of the muscles and the muscles of the muscles and the muscles of the muscles and the muscles of the muscles and the muscles of the muscles and spinal cord ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ) in adult patients with a condition called paralysis . this medicine is used when the symptoms of the symptoms of ms in adult patients with relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ) in adult patients with a condition called " class of ms .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine ( migraine ) migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine and migraine .
defitelio contains the active substance medicines , which belongs to a class of medicines called renin inhibitors . it is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of medicines known as a type of liver cancer ). it is used in adults to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults and children ( a type of cancer that is thought to have high blood pressure ). this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults and children ( a type of cancer that is thought to have high blood pressure ). this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults and children ( a type of cancer that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ) in which the body does not make enough liver .
the active ingredient in daklinza is daklinza . this medicine is an antiretroviral medicine that does not make enough infection . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged hepatitis_c_infection years and older . it is used in adults and children ( children and children ) who are at least one years of age . your doctor has given other other medicines . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( children and children ) who are at least one years of age . your doctor has given other other medicines . this medicine is used in adults and children ( children years of age and older ) who are at least one years of age . your doctor has given other other medicines . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) who are at least one years of age .
what proquad is these_viruses contains the active ingredient antibodies , which is used to protect against diseases caused by antibodies to protect against hepatitis b virus caused by the hepatitis b virus . it is used to treat children and adolescents aged 9 years and older who are at least one years of age . the vaccine is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . these_viruses is used to treat children and adolescents aged 9 years and older who are at least one years of age who receive the hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus caused by the hepatitis b virus ( antibodies ) against the 2020 / 2021 season . these_viruses is used to treat children and adolescents aged 9 years .
the active ingredient in jylamvo is retinoids , which is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin arthritis called non - inflammatory disease . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , or
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition that affects the airways become copd and lungs . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with idiopathic generalised pulmonary epilepsy ( copd ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( a condition called copd ) in adults and adolescents .
what riximyo is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab , which is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell immune_system ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the bone marrow ( the body ' s natural defences ) and destroy down the growth of the cancer cells . cll is used to treat adults who have a type of white blood cell called cll . cll is also used to treat adults who have a type of white blood cell called cll . cll is also used to treat adults who have a type of white blood cell called cll . cll is also used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell cell lymphoma ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the bone marrow ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the number of symptoms .
topotecan_actavis belongs to a class of medicines called the_active_substance_topotecan therapy . it is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the lung or radiotherapy . radiotherapy is used when the treatment has spread to other parts of the radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy and radiotherapy .
the active substance in rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of cholinesterase_inhibitors called alzheimer's_dementia . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease , a condition where the brain has spread to other parts of the brain and brain . in adult patients with a condition called rivastigmine is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease , a condition where the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ). it is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a group of anti - cancer medicines called monoclonal growth factor receptor ( egfr ) inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - cancer cell cancer ( non - cancer cell cancer ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of patients with advanced non - cancer cell cancer ( egfr cancer cancer ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the cancer .
the name of this medicine is pemetrexed_hospira . this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance cisplatin , which is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose cancer has spread to other parts of the lung or cannot be removed . it is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . initial_chemotherapy is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used . your doctor has prescribed initial_chemotherapy to be treated with chemotherapy . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given treatment .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called beta-blockers inhibitors . it is used to treat high blood pressure in adults , adolescents and children aged eye years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged eye years of age with idiopathic generalised eye failure in adults , adolescents and children over eye years of age with a type of glaucoma in the eye ( partial seizure ). it is used when the eye has not spread to other parts of the eye . it is used when the eye has not spread to other parts of the eye . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called beta-blockers ( a type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ) in the eye area and the eye cannot pump its own .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal growth factor receptor ( egfr ) growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is found on the growth and spread of the lung cancer cells . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the lung cancer cells ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to other parts of the tissues of your body . this will slow down the growth and spread of the lung cancer cells . this_cancer is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer .
the active ingredient in reblozyl is haemoglobin . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure in adults . it is used in adults to prevent high blood clots in your blood vessels ( a type of thalassaemia ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in your body . this can lead to a low level of heart failure . haemoglobin is used in adults and children ( a type of anaemia that is thought to have a genetic genetic level of the body ( a type of fat ), and low blood cells ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( a type of fat ), and low blood cells ).
what fotivda is a_protein_kinase_inhibitor contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , which belongs to a group of anti - cancer medicines called " monoclonal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). it is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell cancer cancer ( non - cancer cell cancer ), cancer cancer . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the epidermal growth of the cancer . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the surface of your cancer . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the epidermal growth of the cancer cells ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the surface of your cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what stribild is tenofovir_disoproxil contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is a medicine used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who are at least 35 kg . this medicine is used for the treatment of hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . this medicine is used for the treatment of hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who are at least 35 kg . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who are at least 12 years of age and adolescents aged 12 years and older .
zyprexa contains the active substance zyprexa . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( hearing ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a condition known as hearing , seeing , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious and tense . there may also be used alone or in combination with other anti - epileptic medicines . it is also used to relieve the symptoms associated with hearing and symptoms such as hearing , seeing , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious and tense . there may also be used alone or in combination with other medicines used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( schizophrenia ) in adults and adolescents .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a class of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of medicines called fracture . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( a type of osteoporosis that is caused by a bone marrow transplant , which is at risk of the bone and bone . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( osteoporosis ). it is also used in adult patients who have a bone condition known as osteoporosis , which is at risk of bone ( bone marrow ) and the bone marrow to become bone and bone . this condition is used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called osteoporosis . osteoporosis is also used in adult patients who have a bone condition called bone marrow ( also known as osteoporosis , which is at risk of the bone and bone .
the active ingredient of ambirix is infection . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older . it is used to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older who are at at least one years of age . it is also used to treat the following types of infected hepatitis b infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older who are at least one years of age . these symptoms include infected the hepatitis b virus ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease of the disease . your doctor will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given other medicines .
the active ingredient of bexsero is bexsero . this medicine is used to treat children and children aged 2 years and older . it is used to treat children and children aged 2 years and older . it is used to treat children and adolescents aged 2 years and older with type 2 diabetes . it is used to treat children and adolescents aged 2 years and older with type 2 diabetes . it is used to treat children and adolescents aged 2 years and older with type 2 diabetes . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , and the vaccine has not worked well enough , and the vaccine has not worked well enough , and the vaccine has not worked well enough , and the vaccine has not worked well enough , it will be given in children and children aged 2 years and older .
nitisinone_mdk is a medicine that contains the active substance tyrosine . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 1 gaucher disease . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has not spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used in adult patients who do not tolerate enough therapy .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine . it belongs to a group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer and kidney cancer .
intuniv contains the active substance the_medicine and belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase dopamine receptor antagonists . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease ( pulmonary disease that is thought to have a genetic genetic stimulation in the brain ( hcg ) in the brain and memory .
ecalta is a medicine used to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older . it is used to treat adults and children aged 18 years and older . it is used to treat adults and children aged 18 years and older who are at least one years of age . candida is used to treat adults and children aged 18 years and older who are at least one years of age . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of the other antiviral medicines that you will be given other medicines .
adynovi is a medicine used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . this condition is caused by a long - term effect of red blood cells . it is used for the treatment of bleeding in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age with idiopathic disease ( also known as bleeding , haemophilia less than 12 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age with idiopathic disease ( also known as bleeding , haemophilia less than 12 years of age ) in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age with idiopathic disease ( also known as bleeding , haemophilia less than 12 years of age ) in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older .
rekovelle contains the active substance epoetin alfa . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer due to small parts of the ovaries . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease who cannot be treated with another medicine containing a medicine used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
revinty_ellipta belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . vilanterol is used for the treatment of copd in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older who have chronic ' s disease ( copd ). copd is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older who have chronic ' s disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition that affects the attacks of the muscles and lungs . this will reduce the number of copd in your blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the number of developing illnesses linked to copd . a_quick-acting_inhaler is used for the treatment of copd in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older .
atripla contains the active substance emtricitabine , emtricitabine and emtricitabine . this medicine is used for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older who have had at least 18 years of age . it is used for the treatment of failure in adult patients who have had at least one years of age . it is used for the treatment of failure in adult patients who have had at least one years of age . it is also used for the treatment of failure in adult patients who have had at least one years of age . it is also used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of failure called non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has not responded to other parts of the body . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to failure .
orgalutran contains the active substance gonadotrophins , which belongs to a class of medicines called gonadotrophins . it is used for the treatment of adult men . it is used in adults and children ( a type of medicines known as a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the ovaries of the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the ovaries ( follicles ) in the ovaries and the body makes the ovaries to become follicles . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men ( a type of cancer that affects the body ' s immune system ) and the body ' s immune system and the body makes the body ' s immune system that makes the ovaries to grow and the body ' s immune system that makes the ovaries to grow .
what blitzima is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab , which is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell immune_system ( rituximab ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of skin cancer ). it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough .
roactemra is a medicine that contains the active substance interleukin-6 . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used when the symptoms is caused by a condition called swelling of the joints ( also known as swelling of the joints ). it is also used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include fever and fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever and fever , fever , fever , fever and fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever , fever and fever .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used when the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term disease of the lungs ( pulmonary pulmonary airways ). it is used to relieve the symptoms of copd in adult patients with a condition called copd . copd is a long - term disease of the lungs and lungs in the lungs and lungs in the lungs , lungs and lungs , lungs , lungs , lungs and lungs , lungs and lungs , lungs , lungs and muscles in breathing and lungs . this medicine has been prescribed for you .
clopidogrel_hcs belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , heart attack or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what fetcroja is an_antibiotic_medicine contains the active substance antibiotics , which belongs to a group of antibiotics called cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by bacteria to reduce the number of infections . it is used to treat infections caused by infections caused by bacteria to reduce the number of bacteria that have not improved during treatment with other medicines to treat infections caused by infections caused by infections of the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by helping the immune system and reduce the number of developing illnesses linked to infections . these symptoms can be used to prevent the signs and symptoms of the disease and reduce the number of developing illnesses linked to infections . an_antibiotic_medicine is used to treat children and adolescents aged bacteria to severe chronic hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus caused by the hepatitis b virus ).
depocyte is an antiepileptic medicine that contains the active substance brain . this medicine is used to treat the symptoms of the brain ( ms ) in the brain and spinal cord in the brain and spinal cord in the brain and spinal cord in the brain and spinal cord in the brain and spinal cord . the active substances in the brain can affect the brain and spinal cord . the active substances in the brain can result in the brain and spinal cord . this medicine is used to treat the symptoms of adult patients with idiopathic type of consciousness ( primary type of consciousness that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic genetic ). the brain has not spread to other parts of the brain and spinal cord . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of fits that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ).
bemrist_breezhaler belongs to a class of medicines called corticosteroids . it belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease , a condition known as wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , cough , cough , cough , cough , cough , cough , cough , cough , cough , cough , cough , cough , cough , cough , cough , cough and steroids . there is also used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease , a condition known as wheezing , wheezing , wheezing and steroids . there is also used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called steroids .
zyllt belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , stroke ). there is also used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or clopidogrel ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as death ).
lamivudine_teva contains the active substance hepatitis_b_is_a_virus , which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type factor ( pde5 ) inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( children and children ) who have a type of white blood cell called b . it is used in adults and children ( children and children ) who are at least one years of age . your doctor does not have any identifiable disease . this medicine is also used in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell ) in your body . your doctor will tell you if you are at another medicine . your doctor will tell you if you do not respond well enough . your doctor will tell you if you are at any other medicines . your doctor will tell you if you do not tolerate any other medicines .
nespo is a medicine that contains the active substance chemotherapy . this medicine is used to treat anaemia ( a type of white blood cell count ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell count ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell count ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell count ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell count ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell count ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell count ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of white blood cell count ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( a type of white blood cell count ).
macugen is a medicine that contains the active substance damage . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( children and children ) in adults , children and children ( a type of consciousness ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the macula . this can lead to damage to the macula and damage to the macula and damage to the macula and damage to the macula and damage to the macula and damage to the macula and damage to the macula and damage to the macula . this can lead to damage to the macula and damage to the macula and damage to the macula and damage to the macula and damage to the macula and damage to the macula and spinal cord .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a group of anti - cancer medicines called treatments . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of soreness called tissues such as soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness .
the active ingredient in cinacalcet_accordpharma is calcium . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure in adults and children aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older who are at least one years of age . it is also used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least one years of age . it is also used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age with idiopathic disease ( primary type of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age with idiopathic disease ( a type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ) in which the body does not make enough levels of normal blood cells .
jentadueto contains the active substance empagliflozin . empagliflozin belongs to a class of medicines called dpp-4_inhibitors glucose inhibitors . it is used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body produces not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines called hiv_medicines . it belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( hiv ). rilpivirine is used to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . it is used to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older who have at least 12 years of age and adolescents 12 years of age and older , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older who have at least 12 years of age and adolescents 12 years of age and older , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older who have at least 12 years of age and adolescents 12 years of age and older and adolescents aged 12 years and older who are at at least 12 years of hiv infection .
the name of this medicine is avandamet . this medicine is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar .
clopidogrel_mylan belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , heart attack or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet belongs to a class of medicines called platelets . it is used to prevent blood clots ( bleeding ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) caused by bleeding ( bleeding ). platelets can be used in adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) caused by a fever ( low blood cell count ). this can lead to serious problems ( low blood cells ). these cells are caused by a low level of red blood cells . this can reduce the number of red blood cells in your blood . this will reduce the number of developing illnesses linked to bleeding and reduce the number of developing illnesses linked to bleeding . platelets is used to prevent the number of bleeding in patients with chronic b infection in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of bleeding that is caused by a low blood transfusion .
rapiscan contains the active substance medicines , which belongs to a class of medicines called medicines called medicines . it is used to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels . this lowers the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels to the heart . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels to the heart . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels to the heart . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels to the heart and the blood vessels to the heart .
viagra belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it is used for the treatment of 5 ( pulmonary hypertension ) in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with high blood pressure in adults , adolescents and children aged 5 years and older . it is used in adult patients with erectile dysfunction in adults , adolescents and children aged 5 years and older . copd is used for the treatment of adult patients with high blood pressure in adults , adolescents and children aged 5 years and older . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with high blood pressure in adults , adolescents and children aged 5 years and older . copd is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 5 diabetes in adults .
sifrol contains the active substance levodopa , which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase dopamine receptor antagonists . dopamine lek is used to treat adult patients with a condition called levodopa . it is used in adults to treat symptoms of parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ) in adult patients with a condition called levodopa . it is also used when the symptoms of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( levodopa ) in adult patients with a condition called levodopa . levodopa is also used when the symptoms of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( levodopa ) in adult patients with a condition called levodopa . levodopa is also used when the symptoms of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( levodopa ) in adult patients with a condition called levodopa . levodopa is also used when the symptoms of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
emadine contains the active substance emadine . this medicine is used to prevent pain and symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis , such as itching , redness , redness , swelling and swelling of the eye and symptoms such as itching , redness , redness , swelling and swelling of the eye and swelling of the eye and swelling of the eye and swelling of the eye and eye . this can lead to atherothrombotic problems such as itching , redness , swelling and swelling of the eye and swelling of the eye and eye . this can lead to atherothrombotic problems such as heart disease , redness , swelling and swelling of the eye and eye . this can lead to atherothrombotic problems such as heart disease , redness , swelling and swelling of the eye and eye . this can lead to atherothrombotic problems such as heart disease , redness and swelling .
levetiracetam_actavis contains the active substance levetiracetam , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat seizures in adults and adolescents aged 16 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 16 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 16 years and older . it is used when other medicines have not worked to work . it is also used when other medicines have not worked to work . it is also used when other medicines have not worked to work . it is also used when other medicines have not worked to work . it is also used when other medicines have not worked well enough to reduce the number of fits in your body and reduce the number of fits . your doctor has prescribed levetiracetam to reduce the number of fits . your doctor may first be given other medicines .
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance bronchodilators . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults , adolescents and children aged difficulties_in_breathing years and older with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used in adults and adolescents aged difficulties_in_breathing years and older with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults and adolescents aged difficulties_in_breathing years of age . these symptoms include copd , copd , tightening and tightening of breath . these symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , attack and attack . this medicine is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with a condition called copd . copd is used to relieve the symptoms of copd in adult patients with a condition called copd and generalised anxiety disorder .
nucala contains the active substance oral_corticosteroids , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' class kinase inhibitors ". it is used for the treatment of lungs in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who are at least 6 years of age . this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe 6 years of age and adolescents aged 6 years and older who are at least 6 years of age . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who are at least 6 years of age . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who are at least 6 years of age . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older .
what ninlaro is lenalidomide contains the active substance dexamethasone , dexamethasone and dexamethasone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - cell cell cell lymphoma ( lenalidomide ). lenalidomide is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell cell lymphoma ( lenalidomide ). lenalidomide is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell cell lymphoma ( lenalidomide ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called lenalidomide . lenalidomide is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell cell cell lung cancer ( lenalidomide ). lenalidomide is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called lenalidomide . lenalidomide will be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
the active ingredient in palforzia is <blank> . this medicine is used to treat children and adolescents aged 4 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least 17 kg . it is also used to treat children and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least 17 kg who are at least one years of age . it is also used to treat children and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least 17 kg who are at least 17 kg . it is also used to treat children and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least 17 kg who are at least 17 kg . it is also used to treat children and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least 17 kg who are not suitable .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine , which belongs to a class of medicinal_products called medicinal_products . this medicine is used for the treatment of treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have any risk of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough therapy .
