incivo belongs to a class of medicines called peginterferon_alfa inhibitors . it contains the active substance ribavirin . ribavirin is used to treat chronic hepatitis c infection in adults . it is used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b infection . your doctor will recommend the best course of this infection . this will improve your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to previously chronic infection , but it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hepatitis_c_infection infection .
zinbryta is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . ms is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( multiple_sclerosis ), including the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the nerves and stops the nerves from working properly . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around nerve cells ( inflammation around the nerves between the nerves and spinal cord . demyelination is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). ms is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( multiple_sclerosis ), including the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the nerves and stops the nerves from working properly . this limits nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting ms is ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ) is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( multiple_sclerosis ), including the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and impact of the disease .
wilzin contains the active substance ibandronic acid . it belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". it is used to treat adult patients with active type of liver liver called liver_damage ( liver_damage ) in adults . it can be used in children and adolescents ( over liver_damage years of age ). your child may first be given other medicines . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is used for benefits it is used in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age and older ) who suffer from a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor will talk to give you information about these medicines , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus 1 ( hiv - 1 ) infection . infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . hiv is the virus that causes acquired immune syndrome syndrome syndrome is used to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your hiv infection . hiv infection may not be used in combination with other medicines to treat hiv infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these medicines with hiv is best for you . your doctor has prescribed dutrebis for you to help your child to reduce the number of your blood when your body is not improved controlled by your hiv infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
novonorm contains the active substance repaglinide which is a type of medicine called " oral antidiabetics ". repaglinide helps to control your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of diabetes . glucose mylan is also a type of diabetes that happens when your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( flu ) caused by a ( h1n1 ) v 18 . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is not used to prevent flu infection in adults and adolescents from 18 years of age . your doctor has given that the vaccine does not produce enough vaccine ( a type of influenza that is more caused to prevent flu ). it is not a cure to prevent flu infection caused by the h5n1 type of the virus . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
somakit_toc contains the active substance tumours ( 123i ) which is used to treat adult men with tumours of the vein . it is used in adults only . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines . it is used in adults to treat : - small cell body_areas ( tumours ) in adults . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines . it is used in combination with other medicines .
afinitor contains the active substance everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer that has spread to other parts of the advanced_renal_cell_carcinoma ( non - small cell carcinoma ), when other treatments have not worked well enough . advanced non - small cell lung cancer is a cancer of the tissue . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer that have not spread to other parts of the advanced_renal_cell_carcinoma ( metastatic ) therapy . advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original stomach ) who have not previously been treated with another medicine called vegf-targeted_therapy . if you have any questions about these medicines , please ask your doctor .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to relieve breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this medicine relaxes the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
tremfya contains the active substance il-23 , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is a protein called interleukin - 1 ( il - 1 ), which is present at increased levels in the diseases such as psoriasis , itching , itching , itching , pain and pain . by blocking these neuropathic pain , itching , pain , pain , pain and pain , scaling , itching , pain , itching , pain , itching and pain , scaling , scaling , scaling , pain and pain , pain and pain . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , itching , itching , itching and pain . this can cause pain , itching , burning , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain and pain .
trepulmix contains the active substance oxygen , which belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is a substance produced by the body . it is used in adult patients to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . it can be used when you have symptoms of tiredness , tiredness , tiredness and shortness of breath . high blood pressure , if not treated , can tiredness in blood vessels , such as tiredness , tiredness , tiredness and ankle swelling . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . surgical_treatment is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . it can be used on its own or with other medicines .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . it is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ", which is made up of blood clotting . your_dialysis_machine is used in adults to : - prevent blood clots in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in adults with type 2 diabetes . in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this can be used when : - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and - you have been diagnosed with a heart attack , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and - you have been diagnosed with a high risk of getting a blood clot due to a coronary heart disease . your_dialysis_machine reduces the chances of a blood clot forming that can reduce blood flow . what your_dialysis_machine is used for your_dialysis_machine is used to treat adults and children aged 1 year and older . in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this is a disease that causes red blood clots from forming in the blood vessels . this can reduce the chance of a blood clot forming in your blood .
senstend contains the active substance lidocaine . prilocaine belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the airways in your penis , allowing it to flow more into time . ejaculation is used for the short - term treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( ejaculation ) in adults . it can be used when you have breathing dysfunction or other symptoms of breath . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you . spedra will not be used to relieve an improvement of breathlessness or ejaculation . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target substance in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins called pd - 1 receptor ( pd - 1 ) that is found on the surface of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , nivolumab blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your t cells . nivolumab_blocks is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer of the bowel . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other medicines .
clopidogrel_tad contains clopidogrel_tad , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , atherosclerosis or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ , the body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . the_active_substance_tacrolimus is used to treat rejection in adults . rejection is a condition in which the body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . the_active_substance_tacrolimus accord can be used in adults and children . your doctor will decide to give you rejection of these medicines . your doctor will decide to give you rejection of these medicines . your doctor will decide to give you rejection of these medicines . your doctor will decide to give you rejection of these medicines . your doctor will decide to give you rejection of these medicines . your doctor will decide to give you rejection of these medicines . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains clopidogrel_zentiva , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , atherosclerosis or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine contains the active substance ' a_radioactive_medicine '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( also known as non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer of the adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ) whose cancer of the adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ) whose cancer of the adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ) whose cancer of the adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ) whose cancer of the combination of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer of the combination of the combination of patients with parkinson ' s disease .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . ciambra krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lining_of_the_lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of an advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial medicine paclitaxel or treatment with cisplatin . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . what immunogam is used for vaccination is used to treat adults with severe hepatitis b infection in adults . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab is a monoclonal antibody . infliximab is a monoclonal antibody - a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . tnf alpha is involved on the surface of some inflammatory arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used on its own or with other medicines used to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by a type of brain medicine known as dopamine - 1 ( dopamine ) and dopamine ( often ) in the brain . dopamine is a chemical in the brain involved in movement control . levodopa helps to reduce the levels of dopamine ( dopamine ) in your brain . levodopa has been shown to improve the symptoms of dopamine on your parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in addition to diet and exercise in adults with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in addition to diet and exercise in adults with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids , used to treat inflammation . nsaids is used to prevent inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over one years of age . your doctor will prescribe inflammation for the treatment of : multiple myeloma ( inflammation of the bone marrow ) in adults who have had at least one previous treatment and who have had to have had one treatment and who have had an operation to reduce the number of their blood cells that have not improved during treatment with inflammation or when inflammation has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by inflammation of the bone marrow or bone marrow . these cells can be caused by inflammation of the bone marrow or inflammation of the bone marrow , bone marrow or bone marrow , bone marrow , red and bone marrow , bone marrow , red and bone marrow , red or bone marrow , red or bone marrow , red or bone marrow , bone marrow and bone marrow , red or bone marrow , red or bone marrow , red blood cells , red or bone marrow and bone marrow , red or bone marrow , red blood cells , red or bone marrow and red blood cells . cataract_surgery is used to prevent anaemia in adults who have had at least one previous treatment for surgery .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong pain - relieving medicines called opioids . opioids act in different ways to act in prostate cancer . sufentanil is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult women who have had an resistant of a prostate medicine called opioids . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult women . it is used in women who have had at least one medicine for parkinson ' s disease . it is used in women who are already receiving at least one medicine containing prostate cancer . it is important that you also read the package leaflet for the medicine that is used to support on the growth of male hormones in women who have responded to the treatment of prostate cancer . opioids is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
erleada is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance testosterone . what surgical_treatment is used for surgical_treatment is used to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called hormone receptor ( mps cell carcinoma " prostate cancer that has not spread to other parts of the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body and the body cannot be removed from the body ' s immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) that your body ' s immune system is not spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or other parts of the body ( the body ' s immune system ) or the body ' s immune system ) is used to treat adult patients with multiple myeloma that has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by the body ' s immune system ( the body ' s immune system ) content .
axumin contains the active substance scan , which is a radiopharmaceutical agent . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation medicines . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called non - small cell hormone ( a_pet_scan ) and who are at high risk of radioactivity . it is given when you have had at least one other medicine for cancer cells . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . treatment with this medicine if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use of this medicine , ask your doctor to give you about these other medicines . treatment of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called antineovascularisation agents . it is used to prevent high blood pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults , adolescents and children of the_pressure from eye years . high blood pressure in the eye is high or equal to damage . this pressure can lead to damage . this pressure can lead to high blood pressure , which may lead to serious heart problems , heart disease , brinzolamide and sight . there are usually no breath of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . high high blood pressure in the blood pressure is high . primary means that the high pressure does not have any identifiable cause .
forxiga contains the active substances dapagliflozin and metformin . metformin belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". these are medicines taken by mouth for diabetes . any_insulin is used to treat a type of diabetes called " type 1 diabetes " in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with diabetes . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or if the body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and insulin circulation . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and insulin .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . chemotherapy is used to treat adults with a type of cancer called advanced renal cell carcinoma . 30 is a cancer of the bone marrow . it is used in adults to treat cancer of the bone marrow ( bone lesions ) in adults . chemotherapy is a cancer of the bone . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of the immune_system ( bone marrow ) and who have not had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - in adults with advanced cancer of the bone marrow , bone marrow , bone marrow or bone marrow . these cells are called chemotherapy . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . blood_vessels is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( hypertension ) in adults , adolescents and children from skin years of age . high blood pressure in the blood vessels of the skin is blood vessels that carry blood from the skin to the skin and the face . if you have any questions or are not suitable for something , you will be given face to reduce the amount of phosphorus . as a result , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered . ventavis is used to treat adult patients with a condition called blood_vessels . high blood pressure in the blood vessels of the face ( the vessels between the skin and the skin ). if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ). bevacizumab binds selectively to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which is found on the lining of blood and lymph vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with oxygen and oxygen to the tumour . bevacizumab is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with gemcitabine . for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has come back after 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with paclitaxel and gemcitabine or with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with paclitaxel and gemcitabine or with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with paclitaxel and gemcitabine or with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with paclitaxel and gemcitabine or with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with paclitaxel and gemcitabine or with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with paclitaxel and gemcitabine or with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with paclitaxel and gemcitabine or with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with paclitaxel and gemcitabine or with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with paclitaxel and gemcitabine or , alternatively , gemcitabine and gemcitabine .
tecartus contains the active substance other_medicines , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other parts of the body . these proteins can be present in the body and so reduces the amount of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). what other_medicines is used for other_medicines is used to treat adult patients with active type of multiple myeloma ( a type of white blood cell ). if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits of these medicines have been shown to reduce the number of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) in your body . this can help to reduce the amount of white blood cells in your blood . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which is a member of a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat diabetes . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
xultophy contains the active substance duloxetine which is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . metformin is used when your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . basal_insulin can be used on its own or together with other medicines to treat diabetes . your doctor will ask you to take this medicine on its own or together with other medicines to treat diabetes . your doctor may ask you to take this medicine on its own or together with other medicines to treat diabetes . your doctor may ask you to take this medicine on its own or together with other medicines to treat diabetes . it is important to keep following the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance trastuzumab , which is a medicine that works by blocking the growth and spread of cancer cells . this medicine blocks the activity of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . this medicine blocks the action of proteins called receptor tyrosine kinases ( egfr ), which is involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . this medicine blocks the action of proteins called receptor tyrosine kinases ( egfr ), which is involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . this medicine blocks the action of proteins called receptor tyrosine kinases ( kinases ), which is involved in the growth and spread of the cancer cells . this medicine blocks the growth and spread of cancer cells . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . this medicine is a medicine used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
orkambi is a medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ( cf ) in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older with cf . it is for use in children 6 years of age and older and adolescents 6 years of age and older . the active substance in long-term_treatment , ivacaftor is used to treat cf in adults 6 years of age and older and adolescents 6 years of age and older . the active substance in long-term_treatment , ivacaftor is used to treat cf in adults 6 years of age and older and adolescents 6 years of age and older and adolescents 6 years of age and older and adolescents 6 years of age and older and adolescents 6 years of age and older and weighing at least 6 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you to treat cf in adults aged 6 years and older who have cystic fibrosis with cystic fibrosis .
lynparza contains the active substance the_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 it stops cancer cell growth and spread of the cell death . cancer cells are a type of cancer that affects the lining of certain cancer cells ), it stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 it stops the growth of cancer cells . it blocks the growth and spread of cancer cells . caelyx pegylated liposomal is used for the treatment of advanced breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original the_cancer ) when previous therapy has been tried but has spread to other parts of the the_cancer . advanced breast cancer a cancer of your bone marrow .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . naloxone is a medicine that helps to reduce blood sugar levels . it is used in adults to treat opioids ( a type of 14 ) in adults and adolescents from 14 years of age . opioids can be used on its own or with other medicines . it is only used when you have been exposed to a medical medicine called ' overdose ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' prednisone ' or ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and '
what ovaleap is this medicine contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which is a hormone known as a follicle - stimulating hormone ( fsh ). fsh belongs to a group of substances called fsh and is identical to a natural hormone produced by the body . they are involved in reproduction and fertility , which are involved in the development of sperm . what is treatment for procedures is used for the treatment of adult patients with newly diagnosed low women who have not previously treated with another medicine , called infertile . in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called infertile if you have any questions about the use of this disease . your doctor will recommend the effectiveness of the treatment of several women . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole hikma is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( a type of fungal infection due to aspergillus sp ). candidaemia is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older , who have chronic hepatitis c ( a type of fungal infection due to candida sp ). candidaemia is also used in patients who have had at least one other treatment for people who have had at least one other treatment for their blood before not be treated . candidaemia is a fungal , fungal infections caused by fungi of the immune system ( known as candida_sp._infections ), which have not improved during treatment with candidaemia . this can cause fungal infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus .
mvabea hexa is a vaccine used to protect against ebola_virus_disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 months to less than 1 year . it is given to adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . the active ingredient in zabdeno_and_mvabea_vaccination , zabdeno_and_mvabea_vaccination , is a type of medicine that cause the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can lead to ebola and stiffening of the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . this will help to protect against ebola_virus_disease caused by the hepatitis b virus .
bondronat contains the active substance bisphosphonates , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bones . it is used in adults to prevent your bones from getting ( fractures ). surgery is used in adults to : - prevent fractures of the bones after surgery . surgery is a disease that causes your bones to become weaker . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures .
zeposia belongs to a class of medicines called inflammation . it belongs to a group of medicines called inflammation . it is used to treat inflammation of the brain ( ms ) of the brain and spinal cord . inflammation of the protective sheath ( ms ) around the brain and spinal cord . ms is often used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and impact of the disease .
temybric_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is caused by the bacteria that cause the skin bacteria known as the skin . these bacteria are caused by the body to produce bacteria that cause the skin infection . these proteins help the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the skin and spinal cord . these bacteria protect the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the skin and spinal cord . the bacteria cause the skin and spinal cord , causing the skin and spinal cord , causing the skin and spinal cord . the bacteria make the body ' s immune system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria and the skin . the bacteria make the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own growth .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin mylan is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , shooting , stabbing , cramping , aching , aching , aching , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin mylan is used to treat a certain form of diabetes ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin sandoz for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take your_current_treatment in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin mylan pharma is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ). the symptoms of gad are prolonged excessive anxiety and worry that are difficult to control . gad can also cause restlessness or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( tired ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
xadago is a medicine that contains the active substance levodopa . it is used to treat parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of dopamine ( dopamine ) in the brain and the brain . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of dopamine ( dopamine ) in the brain and the brain . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of dopamine ( dopamine ) in the brain and the brain . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisone , which is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". disease is made by the body . disease is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called multiple myeloma . disease is a condition in which the body does not make enough disease , including the disease and the body ' s own immune system to produce antibodies and the body ' s immune system will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the body ' s natural defences and its ability to attack . in adults , prednisolone is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called multiple myeloma . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . in children , adolescents , children and adolescents , including at least disease . when you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
hefiya medac is a medicine containing an active substance called adalimumab . it is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is a protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnf ), which is present at increased levels in some diseases . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis , you may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what rituximab is used for enhertu is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis ( also known as granulomatosis ). if you have any questions about these medicines , please ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine . capecitabine , belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine medac contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine medac is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , capecitabine medac is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with capecitabine . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine .
silodosin_recordati contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used in adults to treat prostate dysfunction ( urethra ) in adults . urethra is a condition in which the bladder , often makes the urethra and relieves the symptoms of the urethra and relieves the symptoms of your tissues . the symptoms of this disease is not reduced . this condition may not occur when you are sexually stimulated . it reduces the action of the natural chemical in your bladder , which makes it easier for air to get in and out of the prostate . when the symptoms of this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of water and your everyday life and improve your symptoms from coming back . this makes it difficult for the bladder to pump more activities , even at night .
kinzalmono teva b . d . is a substance used to prevent high blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . cardiovascular_events is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla is used to treat and prevent clot caused by clot in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). factor viii is a disease caused by the formation of the blood . factor viii is a disease in which the body does not make enough protection or it should not work properly . most people with haemophilia a , factor viii , factor viii is missing or not working properly . clot is also used to prevent the symptoms of haemophilia b , runny or clot caused by other disease . there is a condition in which the body ' s defence system and its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
praxbind contains the active substance pradaxa . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . your doctor will prescribe pradaxa for you to help prevent your disease . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . pradaxa is used in adults and children . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for developing blood cancers . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such .
temomedac contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . temozolomide hexal is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . temodal is first used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in adults and children and adolescents of 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in adults and children and adolescents of 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is also used in adults and children and adolescents of 3 to less than 3 years .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you . spedra will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you .
enyglid contains the active substance repaglinide which is a type of medicine called " oral antidiabetics ". repaglinide helps to control your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of diabetes . glucose mylan is also a type of diabetes that happens when your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . growth factors are proteins that are produced naturally in the body but they can also be made using biotechnology for use as a medicine . azacitidine accord is used in adults to treat : acute myeloid cmml ( cmml ). cmml is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which abnormal white blood cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these cells . in these patients , cmml is used to treat acute myeloid leukaemia ( mds ) in patients who have previously experienced at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which is a long - acting hormone called timolol . timolol is used to treat high blood pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with high levels of glaucoma . glaucoma is a disease in which the body ' s immune system to produce its own eye nerves . this pressure is used to treat high blood pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults . high blood pressure is high blood pressure in the blood . this pressure can lead to serious deposits in organs such as slow , heart , and brain , and brain pressure . by lowering the amount of bradykinin , glaucoma , this helps to reduce the number of glaucoma . this means that it can lead to swelling problems like heart disease , kidney disease , glaucoma and two_active_substances . how does ocrevus work ? ocrevus is used to treat primary hyperparathyroidism in adults .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which is a monoclonal antibody . immunoglobulins works by encouraging the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells ( platelets ). white blood cells are important as they help your body to fight infection . itp is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults and children aged 1 year and above with itp . itp is a type of white blood cell . these white blood cells are important as they help your body fight bleeding . these cells are very important in the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells ( platelets ). white blood cells are important as they help your body fight bleeding . these cells are very important in your body , and keeps it at a low level . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance olanzapine . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to relieve breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with schizophrenia such as tense , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . dopamine of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and activities . for you , this medicine helps to control and reduce the symptoms of copd on your life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the small system that leads to the small ), when you have not experienced a medicine to treat parkinson ' s disease , needing much less less than usual , talking very quickly with racing ideas and sometimes severe irritability . in adults it also prevents this condition from returning in patients who have responded to the treatment with antipsychotics .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth and development of cancer cells . azacitidine accord is used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . acute myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which abnormal white blood cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these leukaemic cells . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . azacitidine accord is also used to treat chronic myeloid leukaemia ( leukaemia ). these are a disease of the bone marrow . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
cerdelga contains the active substance sodium . this medicine is used to treat adult men with mps vi . this medicine is used to treat adult women ( from spleen spleen syndrome ( mps iva ) in adult men . it is only used when your body does not make enough growth hormone ( glucose ) and has spread to other parts of the body . this special diet is based on low bones . this special diet is based on low bones . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is based on low bones . this special damage to the bones and the bones to develop normally . this special damage to the bones and the bones to develop normally . this special damage to the bones and the bones to develop normally . this special damage to the bones and the bones to develop normally .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium and cancer . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). g and neck disease in adult patients with tumours and cancer .
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea ( vomiting ) in adults . chemotherapy is a long - term condition that affects the brain , caused by the brain and spinal cord . chemotherapy is used to treat nausea and vomiting associated with vomiting of the brain . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . chemotherapy has been shown to delay nausea and vomiting caused by nausea and vomiting of the brain . chemotherapy can be used to prevent nausea and vomiting caused by nausea and vomiting of the brain . these conditions include nausea and vomiting of the brain , leading to difficulties in swallowing and slow , pain , pain , nausea and vomiting . experience with chemotherapy can also cause nausea and vomiting . these conditions can cause pain , sick , nausea and vomiting in one of the area of your brain . chemotherapy can lead to vomiting of your brain ( nausea and vomiting ) of patients with chemotherapy .
enerzair_breezhaler contains the active substance indacaterol . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine should not be used to relieve a sudden asthma of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh bms contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel krka pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed platelets to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
delstrigo contains the active substance doravirine . tenofovir_disoproxil belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - retroviral '. nrti belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). it is used for the treatment of hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it is used in adults ( aged 18 years and older ) with this type of hiv . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you . this medicine will not be used to treat hiv infection in adults and children aged 18 years and older .
spravato contains the active substance depression . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called symptoms . it is used to treat the symptoms of depression in adult patients ( aged 2 years and older ) with moderate to severe chronic immunodeficiency disease ( depression ) in adults . depression is a long - term condition in which the airways produces too much of the symptoms you may get better . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults who are at high risk of getting a over their symptoms such as depression , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , or feeling_sad . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults who are already taking at least one other treatment .
zelboraf is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance paclitaxel . it is used to treat adults with a type of cancer called cancer called cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one other anti - cancer medicine before surgery has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one other anti - cancer medicine before surgery has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one other anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
duoplavin belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called blood_vessels ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as stroke ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called antineovascularisation agents . it is used to treat adults and adolescents from 18 to 18 years old with high blood pressure ( ocular_hypertension ) in adults and adolescents from 18 years of age . ocular_hypertension is a condition where the pressure is inside the eyes ( the eyes . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with high pressure ( hae ). ocular_hypertension is used to treat primary eyes in adults and adolescents from 18 years of age . high pressure is a condition where the pressure cannot be enough of the eyes . the eyes is for high pressure in the eyes ( the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection . what filgrastim is used for your doctor has prescribed filgrastim for you to help your body make more white blood cells . your doctor will tell you why you are at high risk for such events . your doctor will tell you why you are being treated with accofil . filgrastim hexal works by encouraging the bone marrow to produce new white cells quickly . white blood cells are important as they help your body fight more_blood_cells . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole , which is made up of the nervous system . what glutamate is used for ocrevus is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . it can be used when there is too much of the muscles ( the ability of the muscles between the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles between the muscles and the muscles between the muscles and the spinal cord ( muscles ) in the muscles and the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles between the muscles and the muscles ). it is used for the treatment of the disease in adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( paralysis ) in adults . it can be caused by paralysis of the central nervous system ( such as weakness , weakness and symptoms ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting ms ( paralysis ). this is a rare disease that affects the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( weakness ). this may lead to weakness and symptoms of vision , weakness , weakness and swelling in the face , arms and weakness . by blocking the activity of the disease , the disease may be greatly inflammation .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine migraine disease . migraine is a type of medicine known as migraine . it is used to prevent migraine in adults and adolescents 4 years of age and older . migraine kg or more at least 4 years of age . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years to many decades . it is intended for use in children 4 years of age and older . migraine kg or more who have had at least 4 months to prevent migraine weeks . migraine will be used in patients aged 4 months and older , who migraine from a certain type of migraine related disease . migraine kg or more at least 4 years of age . it is intended for use in children 4 years of age and older and adolescents with migraine .
defitelio is a medicine that helps prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming . this medicine works by blocking the activity of a blood clot forming from forming in your liver . this causes blood vessels to narrow , which causes blood clots from forming . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to prevent blood clots from forming in the liver and / or blood vessels of the liver . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . you have been given this medicine to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of developing blood clots . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
daklinza contains the active substance ribavirin . this medicine stops the multiplication of many types of hepatitis_c_infection , including hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus ( hbv ) infection in adults . hepatitis b is a virus that infects the liver . the active substances in the body may help to lower the amount of hepatitis b virus in your body . this will help to reduce the amount of hepatitis b virus in your body . this can help to reduce the amount of hepatitis b virus in your body . this will help to reduce the amount of hepatitis b virus in your body . this will help to reduce the amount of hepatitis b virus in your body . this will help to reduce the amount of hepatitis b virus in your body . this will help to reduce the effects of the liver .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent diseases caused by antibodies against diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . diseases is given to prevent diseases caused by chickenpox . antibodies against the vaccine may not protect you against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that cause antibodies against the infection . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against these diseases . these antibodies protect against antibodies against the diseases caused by these types of rotavirus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , these_viruses may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids . retinoids is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints . b ) rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given treatment to reduce the signs and symptoms of : - related arthritis . paediatric psoriasis is a disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given psoralen to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , improve your doctor or pharmacist . treatment is used in combination with phototherapy ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to relieve breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used regularly , it helps to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and lungs .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . by attaching to tnf , cll blocks its action and reduces the number of these cells . rituximab is used to treat chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . still have been shown to reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your skin that have not been controlled by other medicines or symptoms of these disease .
topotecan_actavis belongs to a new group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the action of radiotherapy . topotecan_actavis is used to treat adult patients with advanced kidney cancer that has come back after at surgery after surgery or when surgery is not possible . this medicine is also used in combination with chemotherapy treatment for adult patients with advanced kidney cancer that has come back after at least surgery or when surgery has had to be stopped after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ), or after surgery ( adjuvant cervical cell carcinoma ), or after surgery ( adjuvant cervical cell carcinoma ), or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ), or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ), or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ), or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ), or after surgery ( adjuvant cervical cell carcinoma ), or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ), or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ), or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ), or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ).
the active substance in rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine acetylcholine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe renal_cell_carcinoma for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a cancer of a type of white blood cell called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . caelyx pegylated liposomal is also used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have specific mutations of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed_hospira krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of these chemotherapy at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used for this treatment . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium agonists . it is used to treat adult patients with long - term eye pressure in the eye . it is used when the pressure is inside the condition of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance gefitinib . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . this cancer is a disease that causes your tissues and lining of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the lung , to patients who have not received at least one previous therapy and has spread to other parts of the tissues of your tissues ( metastatic ) or non - small cell lung cancer ), a lung cancer that affects the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the lung . your doctor may decide the course of your disease . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . experience with this disease , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
reblozyl contains the active substance oxygen ( oxygen ) and oxygen to a natural form of oxygen called oxygen . haemoglobin is a protein produced by the body . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of anaemia called multiple sclerosis . it is used when your body does not make enough oxygen , and in adult patients with a form of anaemia called multiple myeloma . haemoglobin is a disease in which the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body ' s own immune system to produce enough red blood cells . this causes the damage to the body and reduce them to reduce the amount of red blood cells . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to maintain up to your illness .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth and spread of cancer cells . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer that has spread beyond the original the_cancer ) when previous therapy has not helped to stop your disease . the active substance in other_treatments , a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer that has spread beyond the original the_cancer ) when previous therapy have not helped previous or are not suitable for you . advanced non - small cell lung cancer is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have ankylosing spondylitis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) 12 . it belongs to a group of antiretroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg , and who have already been treated with other hiv medicines which are no longer fully effective due to development of infected a , or have had at least 35 kg . in children , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 35 kg .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance zyprexa . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to depressed . olanzapine_treatment accord is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with chemotherapy . manic sandoz is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of fracture called multiple myeloma . it is used in patients who have had at least one treatment for their disease . it is used in women who have had at least one treatment for their disease . it is used in patients who have had at least one other treatment for their disease . it is used in women who have had at least one other treatment for their disease . it is used in women who have had at least one other treatment and who have already had an operation and , are not spread to vitamin vitamin d . it may also occur in men and women because of the treatment of osteoporosis and osteoporosis . denosumab is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . osteoporosis is also used in adult women who have had at least at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone .
ambirix is a vaccine used to protect against infection caused by human ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus ( a_fever ) infection in adults and children aged 1 year to less than 15 years of age . hepatitis_b can be used in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above . infected infected infected infected the a_fever , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , other_infections may not fully protect all people who are vaccinated . your doctor will talk to give you are most appropriate for you . if you have any questions about the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or not your immune system .
bexsero vaccine can be used to treat children and adolescents aged 2 to 2 years . it can be used when : it is caused by other types of infections . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the diseases . inflammation . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the diseases . none of the bacteria in the vaccine can cause serious diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause diseases to prevent these diseases . as with all vaccines , infections may not fully protect all % of children who receive the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the disease in the vaccine can cause the diseases . as with all vaccines , disease may not fully protect all % of children who receive the vaccine .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( 1 ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . the_amino_acid_tyrosine_(amino_acids cannot be used in adult patients ( aged 1 years and older ) who are at least one other treatment and are not suitable . in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 1 years and older ) who are at high levels of tyrosine in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content .
docetaxel_accord kabi contains the active substance docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , docetaxel kabi could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil .
intuniv contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines called the_medicine agonists . it is used to treat adult men with erectile hypertension . this medicine is used in adult men to help diagnose alzheimer ' s disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called nmda - receptor antagonists . nemdatine is used for the treatment of adult patients with erectile dysfunction . this medicine will not be used if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you . spedra will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that spedra only works if you are sexually stimulated . this medicine will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction .
ecalta is used to treat fungal_infection ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it is given to adults and adolescents aged 1 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . candida is a type of candida that happens at intervals that vary from less than 1 years of age . candida can be used in adults and children aged 1 to 18 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent fungal_infection in adults and children aged 1 to 18 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent fungal_infection in adults and children aged 1 to 18 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent fungal_infection in adults and children aged 1 to 18 years . your doctor will decide with you which combination of these medicines with candida is best for you . infection is not a cure for the_infection infection .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ).
rekovelle contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which belongs to a group of medicines known as antineoplastic agents . these medicines contain the ovaries that contain the ovaries to play an egg from the ovaries in the ovaries . in women , bemfola is needed for the ovaries of the ovaries that stimulates the production of the immune system . in women , bemfola is used for the treatment of the following women in adult women who do not ovulate well enough ( also known as photodynamic therapy ). medicines does not contain eggs ' s disease , but it is important that you also read the package leaflets for the following not s disease . the use of scintimun does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance fluticasone_furoate . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . fluticasone_furoate is used to treat steroids in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . copd is a chronic long term lung disease where the airways become copd become copd and copd . a_quick-acting_inhaler can be used in adults and adolescents 12 12 years of age and older . copd is a long - term condition in which the attacks become copd and copd . copd is often called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) copd is a long - term condition in which the attacks and air around the muscles around the muscles , making it easier for air to get in and out of the 12 . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
atripla contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection . it belongs to a group of anti - hormonal medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( aids ) infection by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . tenofovir disoproxil zentiva is used to treat adult patients with a type of failure called non - small cell lung cancer . it is used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of adult patients ( children 18 years of age and older ) who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . if you have any questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
orgalutran contains the active substance gonadotrophins , which belongs to a group of medicines called gonadotrophins . zoledronic hormones is used for the treatment of adult women with erectile women , in adult men . men , in adult men , bemfola is due to a low level of follicles called " follicles ". in women , bemfola is used : in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult women , women and children of all ages . men , in adult men who are at risk of getting hormone ( fsh and hormone ) to help release an egg from the ovaries ( follicles ). it is left that the ovaries become longer . in women , bemfola is used : in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult women , women and children aged follicles .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . by attaching to tnf , rituximab blocks its action and reduces the number of cancer cells . it also slows down the damage to your joints caused by the rheumatoid arthritis and improve your ability to do normal daily activities . this medicine is used in adults to treat rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints . if you have moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis , you may first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given granulomatosis to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 . it is used to treat pain in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it is used to treat pain in adults aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include swelling of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and pain in adults and children aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include swelling and swelling of the joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it works by blocking the muscles in the walls of the airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve breathing easier .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel_hcs , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it is used to treat infections of the bacteria that cause infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as infections . it is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with other medicines to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , serious infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , when other medicines have had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b . when you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte . it is used to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . the brain is the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . the brain is one of the brain that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is one of the brain that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is one of the brain that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is one of the brain that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is one of the brain that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is one of the brain that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is one of the brain that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is less important in the brain and the brain . the brain is one of the brain . by stopping the protective time , the protective cord ( myelin ) around the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is less important in the brain and the brain .
bemrist_breezhaler contains the active substance mometasone_furoate . indacaterol belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it helps to control the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd .
zyllt contains zyllt , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel sandoz pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva belongs to a group of medicines known as anti - rheumatic medicines . it contains the active substance ' your_treatment ( also known as hepatitis_b_is_a_virus ). these are medicines known as hepatitis_b_is_a_virus . what your_treatment is used for your_treatment is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b in adults . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment . treatment with another medicine , treatment with another medicine , treatment of treatment with another protein ( a type of medicine that causes the body ' s immune system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
nespo contains the active substance epoetin alfa , a protein that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein erythropoietin ( ee - rith - roe - tin ) and acts in the same way . abseamed is used to treat symptomatic anaemia caused by : - in adult patients with a type of white blood cell called ' anaemia ' in adult patients . chemotherapy is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your kidney way to produce enough red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to erythropoietin around the kidneys and the kidneys to produce more red blood cells , and to increase the level of white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to erythropoietin , which is too important in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
macugen contains the active substance a_solution . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin disease called multiple sclerosis . it is used in patients with a type of disease called multiple sclerosis . it is caused by a problem in which the body ' s ability to become damage to become damage to the macula . this can cause damage to the macula , leading to vision and damage to the back of the macula ( damage to the back of the macula and the macula . it is used for the treatment of the following situations : - in children , adolescents and children of all macular oedema . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . experience with this disease may also feel bleed , bleed , or macula .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called ' b - lymphocyte '. when a person is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis , a condition with symptoms such as soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness ). these medicines include soreness and dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness and pain , dryness , dryness and pain , pain and pain , dryness , dryness and pain , dryness and pain , dryness and pain , dryness , dryness and pain , dryness and pain , dryness and pain , dryness , dryness and pain , dryness and pain , dryness and pain , dryness , dryness and pain , dryness and pain , dryness , dryness and pain , dryness and pain , dryness and dryness ). they can be used for the treatment of your disease .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains a substance called the_active_ingredient_cinacalcet . it is similar to a natural hormone produced by the body . it is used to treat : - symptomatic parathyroid syndrome ( parathyroid_glands ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with secondary hyperparathyroidism . secondary hyperparathyroidism is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( parathyroid_glands ). it is used for patients aged 18 years and older . it is used when other hyperparathyroidism is not used to treat secondary hyperparathyroidism in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with secondary hyperparathyroidism . in primary hyperparathyroidism too much pth is caused by the parathyroid glands ( the body ' s natural defences ). it is used to treat secondary hyperparathyroidism in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with secondary hyperparathyroidism . in primary hyperparathyroidism too much pth is caused by the parathyroid glands ( the body ' s natural defences ). it is used for patients aged 18 years and older .
jentadueto contains three active substances , empagliflozin and empagliflozin . biguanides belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this will lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
edurant belongs to a group of medicines called anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) hiv infection by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . intelence is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older , who infected at least 12 kg . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . infected your doctor has prescribed efavirenz to treat your child , it is important that you continue to follow the advice on the diet and other illnesses used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection in adults and children aged 12 years to less than 12 years . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when insulin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . rosiglitazone accord helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone teva is working 3 to the_insulin months after you start taking it . rosiglitazone accord may also be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , rosiglitazone and diabetes .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel_mylan , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease , or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
doptelet contains the active substance epoetin alfa , belongs to a group of medicines called alkylating agents . platelets are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the number of blood cells forming ( a type of white blood cells that are important in red blood cells ). epoetin alfa is a copy of red blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight and reduce the number of white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of bleeding that happens at intervals that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells . a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( platelets ) can occur for blood to clot and reduce the number of white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in red blood cells .
rapiscan contains the active substance sodium and belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin - ii is a substance produced by the body . it is used in adult adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . it is high blood pressure in the body . if you have a high amount of phosphorus , your blood vessels occurs in your body . this can result in high blood pressure in the heart . if the blood vessels occurs , which can help to close blood from your body . this lowers the blood vessels , making the heart , muscles , and blood vessels , and the blood vessels can be pumped into the body . if the blood vessels is inside , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered . this condition is used to treat high blood pressure in adults .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will not be used to relieve a symptoms called impotence of impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . airexar mylan has been shown to significantly when you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if you are sexually stimulated . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you . spedra will not be used to relieve a sudden program of impotence .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used to : - treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
emadine is a medicine that is used for the treatment of wilson ' s disease , a disease with symptoms such as itching , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel feel_worse , redness , redness , redness , redness , swelling and eye , and joints can cause pain . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , redness ( swelling ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . symptoms has been shown to improve your symptoms and reduce the number of these diseases . as a result of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or itching . if you have not experienced a severe effect of symptoms of eye disease .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam hospira is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance duloxetine . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . airexar spiromax should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nucala contains nucala , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies . it works by blocking the activity of a blood clot forming in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and help you to breathe more easily . when this medicine is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat : - symptomatic ' s disease in adults and children aged 6 years and older . these symptoms are either reduced or equal to 6 years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of the disease and improve your ability to do normal daily activities . this will help to reduce the effects of your disease and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the ability to your natural defences ).
ninlaro contains the active substance dexamethasone . dexamethasone is a medicine that belongs to a group of medicines called proteasomes kinase inhibitors . what proteasomes is used for proteasomes is used to treat multiple myeloma ( multiple myeloma ) in patients who have previously received at least one previous treatment and who have had at least one other treatment for multiple myeloma . lenalidomide accord is also used in adults for the treatment of multiple myeloma ( large cancer of the large intestine ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . lenalidomide accord is also used in adults for the treatment of multiple myeloma ( multiple myeloma that has not responded to other parts of the body . lenalidomide accord can be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
palforzia contains the active substance <blank> . this medicine is used to treat children and adolescents ( children and adolescents from 4 to 4 than 4 years old who have chronic 17 ( treatment ) who treatment with treatment treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment of treatment for : treatment with treatment of treatment for : treatment with treatment of treatment and children ( 0 - 18 years of age and adolescents and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age . your doctor may also be given other disease - modifying medicines , treatment , children and children from 4 years of age . your doctor has prescribed treatment for : treatment with treatment of treatment and children ( 0 - 18 years of age and adolescents and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age . your doctor will also be given other disease - modifying treatment .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine which belongs to a class of benzodiazepine medicines called benzodiazepine - oxygenase - 1 ( il - 1 ) inhibitors . what hypnotic_actions is used for problems_sleeping is used to prevent problems_sleeping in adults who have had at least one treatment due to treatment with benzodiazepine - related treatment . it does not cure ms , but it will not cure ms . treatment with benzodiazepine will help you or your child becoming worse has been treated . treatment with benzodiazepine will help you when you do not get better or if you feel worse . your doctor will also tell you to use if you are treatment with benzodiazepine . this medicine will not protect you if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor will also tell you to use if you are treatment with benzodiazepine .
