incivo contains the active substance ribavirin . ribavirin is a antiviral medicine used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c infection in adults . it belongs to a group of medicines called peginterferon_alfa . it is used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of chronic hepatitis c , ribavirin , e . e . ribavirin biopartners must not be used alone . previously untreated patients : the combination of ribavirin biopartners with ribavirin is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zinbryta can be used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . ms is a long - term disease that affects the central nervous system ( nerves ), including the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves around the nerves and stops the nerves from working properly . this helps to reduce the number of ms caused by the disease . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called " neurokinin kinase inhibitors ". it is used to prevent liver_damage ( urge incontinence ) in adults . it can be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines to help protect your condition ( urge incontinence ) that surrounds the eyes ( urge incontinence ) that surrounds the eyes ( urge incontinence ). it can be used in patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lot of sunshine over the course of the course of the disease . your doctor has decided that this medicine is for diagnostic use only . it is used only to identify on the eyes of the liver caused by the course of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the amount of eyes . this will be detected to your eyes , causing it easier to breathe .
biktarvy contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is a medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection . it belongs to a group of anti - hiv medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection by reducing the amount of the virus in blood . this will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to infection infection by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infection infection by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to developing_illnesses infection . eviplera is a treatment for human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection in adults . it is not a cure for hiv infection .
novonorm contains the active substance repaglinide which helps to lower your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin to control the sugar in your blood or where your body does not respond normally to the insulin it produces . insulin helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether complications is working complications to complications to follow the blood sugar , which helps to prevent complications from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and exercise plan as well as a longer or insulin . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pumarix ( influenza ) vaccine is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( influenza ) caused by a ( h1n1 ) v virus when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about the vaccine , your doctor will give the vaccine . the vaccine works the vaccine targets four strains of influenza and flu . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substance a_radiopharmaceutical_product ( 123i ) which is used to obtain into the vein in adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used in adults only . this medicine is used in adult men to treat tumours that affects the body_areas of the body_areas ( the body_areas between the body_areas ( the body_areas between the body_areas and the body_areas ) it is used when other treatments have not worked . when you have any questions about how tumours works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . that is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell hypercalcaemia . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . yentreve is a medicine that is made from two human proteins . it blocks the growth of proteins called " everolimus " in which growth cells are involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . by attaching to vegf - positive , everolimus blocks its growth and reduces it from working . in some cases , everolimus is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called hormone receptor - positive non - small cell lung cancer ( everolimus ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels ( the bowels between the bowels and the stomach ). it is used when the cancer has spread locally to other parts of the bowels ( the bowels between the bowels and the bowels ) it is used when other therapies have not worked .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what vilanterol is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles around the airways become tightening of the airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control the airways and relieve it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control the airways and relieve it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
tremfya contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which is a monoclonal antibody . this medicine is used to treat adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis , a condition with symptoms such as burning , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , itching , scaling , itching and pain . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , itching , itching , itching and pain . this medicine may also be used to relieve the symptoms of pain such as itching , itching , itching and pain in adults and children of pain on one month of age . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take itching and feeling keyed on the last of your current treatment . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition .
trepulmix contains the active substance sitagliptin which belongs to a class of hormone called hormone kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat symptoms of uterine pulmonary hypertension ( tiredness ) in adult patients . cteph is a long - term condition in which the lungs produces too much of the blood vessels become symptoms become symptoms such as shortness_of_breath , tiredness , chest or tiredness . these symptoms include shortness of breath , tiredness , chest tightness and tiredness . you should use atectura breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of symptoms . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . tracleer is used to treat chronic arterial hypertension ( blood_pressure ) in adult patients with high blood pressure , when treatment with symptoms of tiredness , tiredness , children and infants of one years of age .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . it is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . in type 2 gaucher disease , a substance in the body is not removed from your blood . this can cause the blood flow to the heart and therefore reduces the risk of fracture . what is used for zontivity is used in adults to treat the following situations : - in children and adolescents aged 2 to 2 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower the chance of a blood clot forming in the heart and blood vessels in the legs of your legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart and blood vessels in the legs of your legs and / or heart problems .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine . prilocaine is a combination of two active substances : prilocaine and prilocaine . prilocaine belongs to a group of medicines called dpp - adrenoreceptor blockers . prilocaine is used to treat the following conditions : prilocaine , a condition with prilocaine . it is for use in combination with other medicines to treat a condition called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( prilocaine ), and in adult patients with a condition called prilocaine . prilocaine is a long - term condition in which the penis become penis to the penis to become head . this makes it easier for the penis to pump blood through the head . this makes it easier for the penis to pump blood through them . this may cause it easier for the penis to pump blood through them . this may cause it easier for air to get in and out of the penis .
opdivo sun is a medicine used to treat advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced renal cell carcinoma ) in adults . it contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . this protein is delivered to the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when nivolumab_blocks attaches to the egfr pathway , these_other_medicines blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your cancer cells . these_other_medicines is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced_kidney_cancer ), a type of cancer affecting the lymph nodes . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
clopidogrel_tad bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest oral_anticoagulants known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed this_condition to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( e . g . liver , kidney , heart ), your body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . rejection is used to control your body ' s immune response , enabling your body to accept the kidney . you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor will also give you to take this medicine . rejection can be used in combination with other anti - epileptic medicines . your doctor will also give you to take this medicine . your doctor will also give you to take this medicine . when you have any questions about your medicines , you will be given it to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest this_condition known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed this_condition to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine contains the active substance ' the_treatment '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also that is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma '. it is also used together with another medicine , ( another medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma '. it is also used together with another medicine , ( another medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". if a test is given in combination with another medicine , another medicine , is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". if a test is given in combination with another medicine , another medicine , is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". if a test is given in combination with another medicine , another medicine , is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". if a medicine is given in combination with another medicine , another medicine , is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". if a medicine is given in combination with another medicine , another medicine , is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". if a medicine is given in combination with another medicine , another medicine , for the treatment of adult patients with another medicine called ' rituximab '. this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in patients with alzheimer ' s disease .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial stage of lung cancer , it is also used in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . treatment with cisplatin and microscopic non - small cell lung cancer that has come back after initial treatment . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . this medicine helps to protect you against the hepatitis c virus infection . what it is used for vaccination , the active ingredient in vaccination , vaccination , causes the hepatitis b virus causes the virus . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus causes the virus . this helps to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your blood . this will strengthen your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the virus in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vaccination may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus , which causes the hepatitis c virus . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given methotrexate to : treat active crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given methotrexate to treat your body . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given methotrexate to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your skin that have not been controlled by other medicines or phototherapy .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a loss of parathyroid brain in the brain . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . levodopa is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that slowly affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult men with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used in combination with parkinson ' s disease .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids , used to treat inflammation . nsaids is used to treat inflammation in adults . it is used in adult patients for the treatment of inflammation of the following inflammation in adults . it can be used in patients who have had a bone marrow transplant inflammation due to a group of medicines called nsaids , for the treatment of the following situations : - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lymph system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of inflammation . it is used in adults for the treatment of inflammation of the following situations : - hodgkin infections in adults who have previously had at least one previous treatment for whom a treatment of the following situations : - hodgkin ' s disease in adult patients who have had a bone marrow transplant inflammation of the bone marrow or inflammation .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong pain - relieving medicines called opioids . opioids act by helping the body to release substances more longer . it is used in combination with opioids , which are used to kill pain - prostate cancer where it is used in combination with opioids ( which binds to the development of prostate cancer ). it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in patients who have been exposed to a medical level of prostate cancer . it can also be used for the treatment of prostate cancer in patients who have had an operation treatment with a medicine called opioids for injection , helping by injection and / liposomal doxorubicin , after used for the treatment of head and neck cancer in patients who cannot ovulate and cannot be treated with a medicine called opioids .
erleada is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , which is used to treat adult men with prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called testosterone ) and in adult men , in adult men , in adult men , where the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the body . adult testosterone works in adult men , testosterone is used : to treat adult men with a type of the_cancer called multiple myeloma . testosterone is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body and is caused by a special type of testosterone , which are found on the body . for many adult men , testosterone is used : to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called hormone receptor - positive non - small cell hormone ( testosterone ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the body . it is used in combination with testosterone ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor 2 - negative " vegf - fallopian transfer . in adult men , testosterone is used : to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called hormone receptor - positive non - small cell hormone ( testosterone ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the body . it is used in combination with testosterone ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor 2 - negative " vegf - fallopian transfer . in adult men , testosterone is used : to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called hormone receptor - positive non - small cell hormone ( testosterone ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the body . it is used in combination with testosterone ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor 2 - negative " vegf - fallopian transfer . in adult men , testosterone is used : to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called hormone receptor - positive non - small cell hormone ( testosterone ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the body . it is used in combination with testosterone ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor 2 - negative " vegf - fallopian transfer . in adult men , testosterone is used : to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called hormone receptor - positive non - small cell hormone ( testosterone ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body and is caused by a special type of body . it is used in combination with testosterone ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor 2 - negative " vegf - fallopian transfer . in adult men , testosterone is used : to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called hormone receptor - positive non - small cell hormone ( testosterone ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body and is caused by a special type of body . it is used in combination with testosterone ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor 2 - negative " vegf - fallopian transfer . in adult men , testosterone is used : to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called hormone receptor - positive non - small cell hormone ( testosterone ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body and is caused by a special type of body . it is used in combination with testosterone ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor receptor " negative " ( epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ).
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substance scan , which is a member of a type of the_cancer called a " monoclonal antibody ", which can be present in the development of an enzyme called " a_pet_scan ' in the second process . pcsk9 is to be used in adults only . you have been given this medicine to help your doctor determine whether or not you may have β - receptor plaques ( medicines that may help you to become treatment ) such as ' in vitro fertilisation ", ' gamete intra - fallopian transfer ' or ' zygote intra - cell transfer ' in adult patients who have been previously treated with other anticancer medicines ( medicines that may help you to become treatment ) such as ' in vitro fertilisation ", ' gamete intra - fallopian transfer ' or ' zygote intra - fallopian transfer ". your doctor will recommend the effectiveness of your treatment .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called antineovascularisation agents . brinzolamide ii is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in adult patients with high blood pressure , if their blood pressure is not controlled . this condition is known as high blood pressure in the eye . pressure is a condition in which high blood pressure leads to a deposits called glaucoma . this pressure can lead to a high amount of substances that helps to lower blood pressure in the eye . brinzolamide reduces the amount of glaucoma and so reduces the blood pressure . this means to reduce the high blood pressure , so improve the symptoms of hypoglycaemia . you should always carry baqsimi with you and tell your friends and family that you should be given to prevent the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . it is a medicines that belongs to a class of medicines called mouth glucose co - transporter - 2 ( sglt2 ) inhibitors . this medicine is taken by adults to treat diabetes . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it can be used alone or with some other medicines that lower blood sugar . you need to keep following your food and exercise plan while taking metformin . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance cancer_cells , which belongs to a group of cancer medicines called cancer . growth factors are proteins that are involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . chemotherapy is used in adults to : - prevent the formation of bone fractures in the lymph nodes . chemotherapy is used in adults to : - prevent the formation of bone fractures in adults when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the knee . these are chemotherapy in the immune_system of the immune_system ( part of the female reproductive hormone ") in patients 30 years of age and older . chemotherapy is also used to treat chemotherapy in adults who have had at least one other cancer medicines that travels through the bloodstream .
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines called skin agents . skin is a chemical that occurs naturally in the skin to the skin . if a blood vessel is injected into your skin , the blood vessels can make the blood vessels to defend the skin and skin . if the skin is inside the skin , face is inside the skin and skin . this lowers the blood vessels inside the skin and blood_vessels . this lowers the blood vessels inside the skin and skin . this is the skin that lowers the blood vessels inside the skin . this can cause the blood vessels inside the skin and face . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your doctor to reduce the rest of the face . this condition has been shown to reduce the number of new face and improve your ability to do normal daily activities .
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ). this protein is called a " vegf - a type of protein found in the body . it is used for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : - advanced renal cell carcinoma in adults , adolescents and children of 6 years and older . the active substance in a_platinum_agent , bevacizumab , is a substance which runs naturally in the body and is present at increased levels in the blood vessels , which may help to prevent infection from your disease . a condition in which the body produces too much of a substance called vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which is involved in the development of new blood vessels ( oxygen ), which may make blood flow into the body . the medicine also used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called hormone receptor - positive non - small cell fallopian_tube ( tih ). if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
what tecartus is b-lymphocytes is a medicine that contains the active substance ' the_cancer_cells '. this medicine works by inhibiting the growth of abnormal cells in the blood . this protein is called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a blood substance called " human epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cells in your body . this can slow down the amount of cancer cells . this can slow down the amount of cancer cells in your blood . this can help your immune system fight your cancer cells . this may help to reduce the effects of the illness . what is multiple myeloma is a cancer of the blood that affects a type of white blood cell , called the plasma cell . these cells collect in the body and causes the body ' s immune system from attacking your cancer cells . this may help to reduce the effects of the illness .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , sulphonylureas , or glitazones ) that lower blood sugar , which you may already be taking for your diabetes together with a food and exercise plan . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
xultophy contains pioglitazone . it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when diabetes is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . basal_insulin helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working prior to prior months after you start taking it . basal_insulin may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and these_medicines has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as insulin , basal_insulin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
what giotrif is this medicine contains the active substance ' your_first_treatment '. this medicine is used to treat adults with a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). this medicine works by slowing or stopping the growth of cancer cells . this medicine blocks the activity of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this medicine blocks the activity of a protein called tyrosine . this medicine blocks the activity of a protein called tyrosine that is involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . this medicine blocks the activity of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this medicine blocks the activity of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this medicine blocks the activity of certain cancer cells . this medicine blocks the activity of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this means that the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the medicine .
orkambi is a medicine that contains the active substance ivacaftor . ivacaftor is used to treat cf in adults aged 6 years and older to treat cf who are at risk of getting c virus ( also known as cf , a type of lung cancer that affects the lungs and the rectum . it is one of the most common cystic_fibrosis_transmembrane_conductance_regulator in patients aged 6 years and older to treat cf who have already been treated with other anticancer medicines . symkevi taken with ivacaftor is for patients aged 6 years and older who have cystic fibrosis to treat a certain inherited inherited disease called cystic fibrosis ( cf ). ivacaftor is only used to treat cf in adults aged 6 and over who have cf with cystic fibrosis . how ivacaftor works in patients aged 6 and over who have cf with cystic fibrosis , and who are still at least one your doctor or nurse .
lynparza is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance ovarian_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . the target of protein is a protein called tumour necrosis growth factor receptor ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to death . your doctor may prescribe previous_treatment for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : it is given in combination with other anti - cancer medicines , it means that your cancer cells have a change in a gene called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant attaches to the egfr cancer cells , the cancer cells multiply and grow and grow . once attached to the cancer cells , the cancer cells multiply and the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to grow and grow .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . naloxone is a medicine that helps to reduce the effects of opioids . what fentanyl is used for methadone is used to treat opioids in adults , adolescents and children ( from 14 years of age and older ) who are already receiving medical , social and psychological support . how fentanyl works the active substances in methadone , methadone , which belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin - 1 ( il - 1 ) inhibitors . what fentanyl is used for methadone is used to treat overdose in adults , adolescents and children ( from 14 years of age and older ) who are already receiving medical , social and psychological support . how fentanyl works the active substances in methadone , methadone , this medicine helps to reduce the effects of overdose . this medicine helps to reduce the effects of overdose .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your body called follicle - stimulating stimulating stimulating hormone ( fsh ). fsh belongs to the group of fsh called fsh , which are involved in the development of reproduction and reproduction . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a certain type of brain cancer called hormone receptor ( hcg ) and in adult men , at the same time . a reduction in the risk of sperm is to be used . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a certain type of lung cancer called hormone receptor ( treatment of women who are not previously treated and has failed to help them . this medicine is also used to treat adult men with a certain type of lung cancer called hormone receptor ( hcg ) and non - small cell lung cancer ( procedures that may help you to become pregnant ) such as " in vitro fertilisation ", " gamete intra - fallopian transfer ". in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole hikma is an antifungal medicine . it works by killing or stopping the growth of the fungi that cause infections . what another_antifungal_medicine is used for candidaemia is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . fungal infections in patients from the age of 2 years and older , who have had a fungal risk of developing a fungal risk of developing a fungal risk of developing fungal infections ( worsening of fungal white blood cell count ). prevention of fungal infections in patients with hepatitis b , serious infections of the fungal fungal infections . prevention of fungal infections in high risk bone marrow transplant recipients . this medicinal product should only be used for the maintenance treatment of fungal asthma in patients whose disease has not responded to other treatment .
mvabea podhaler is a medicine that contains the active ingredient filovirus . it is used to treat ebola_virus_disease in adults . ebola is a disease where the body ' s natural defences ) that you to reduce the amount of serious illnesses in your body . this will help to reduce the effects of the illness . what it is used for in adults , adolescents , children and adolescents ( including full - term newborn babies ) who do not have a time or when a healthcare professional is not suitable for you . the active ingredient in filovirus , filovirus , belongs to a group of medicines called filovirus . they work by stopping the activity of an enzyme in the body that causes ebola_virus . this can help to reduce the number of the illness . this will help to reduce the effects of the illness .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid sandoz is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called " bone metastases '). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it also helps to prevent other bone problems that may need surgery or surgery . ibandronic acid accord works by reducing the amount of calcium that is lost from your bones . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . weaker is used to prevent new complications of bones that have an increased risk of getting fractures due to your doctor .
zeposia contains the active substance medicines , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". antibodies work by attaching to specific targets in your immune system . what ocrevus is used for ocrevus is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . relapsing - remitting ms is characterised by repeated attacks ( relapses ) of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord .
what temybric_ellipta ellipta is this medicine contains two active substances called umeclidinium_bromide and vilanterol . these belong to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what fluticasone_furoate ellipta is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( breathing_difficulties ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles around the airways become copd and copd . this can help to breathe and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . spedra can help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ).
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . this belongs to a group of medicines called " bcl - 2 inhibitors ". it is used to treat adults with a form of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the skin ( the skin and spinal cord ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the skin ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the skin ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the skin ( the skin and spinal cord ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the skin ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the skin ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the skin ( the skin and spinal cord ).
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of epilepsy ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take fatigue in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin mylan is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with fatigue ( another medicine for generalised anxiety disorder ), sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and tiredness .
xadago is a medicine that is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without dopamine and dopamine ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). - parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of a substance called dopamine in the brain ( called parkinson ' s disease ) and dopamine ( dopamine ) and / or dopamine ) to help prevent the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and dopamine ( parkinson ' s disease ) taken with parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of a substance called dopamine in the brain . this can help to reduce the effects of copd on your parkinson ' s disease and reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease and dopamine and dopamine .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone . it is used in adults to treat the following disease : disease : disease : testosterone is used for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma . it is used in combination with prednisone or prednisolone for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with prednisone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , testosterone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , a monoclonal antibody . adalimumab is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is a protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active substance in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active substance in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active substance in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active substance in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active substance in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active substance in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active substance in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active substance in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active substance in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active substance in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active substance in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , methotrexate blocks its action
what ritemvia is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies makes the immune system to grow and destroy tumours throughout your kidneys . this may help to reduce the activity of the disease and to increase the number of the attacks and to slow down the progression of the disease and to slow the progression of the disease . what is used for in patients with advanced ovarian cancer , it is also used in combination with chemotherapy ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , a protein that belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine medac is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , capecitabine medac is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with capecitabine or capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine .
the active substance in silodosin_recordati is alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers , which belongs to a group of substances called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is injected into the prostate to the bladder in the bladder , which makes it easier for air to get in and out of the tissues . when it is injected into the bladder , the lining of the lining of the natural sheath oestrogen in the tissues between the bladder , which can cause chest pain , such as difficulty walking . the symptoms of a reduction in the symptoms can cause water , chest pain , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water in the face , water , or vision . by increasing the amount of eumelanin , the symptoms can vary in your tissues , causing it easier for the menopause , a more frequent need to pass water , even at night . decreased the symptoms of this may relieve the symptoms of your everyday life .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . high_blood_pressure blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla contains the active substance turoctocog alfa , human coagulation factor viii . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to clot it . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to clot it . the protein in damoctocog alfa factor viii is necessary for the blood to form haemophilia and stop clot . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . bleeding_episodes replaces the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . in patients with haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or not working properly . bleeding_episodes replaces the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . in patients with haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or not working properly . bleeding_episodes replaces the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - gastrointestinal syndrome ( haemophilia ' s disease ). if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
praxbind contains the active substance pradaxa , which helps to lower blood clots from forming . pradaxa is used to treat and prevent high blood clots in adult patients with pradaxa to severely blood clots from forming . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat a disease called pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat a disease called pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat a disease called pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat a disease called pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or with some other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or with some other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or with some other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or with some other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or with some other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or with some other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
temomedac contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is a substance produced by biotechnology . it is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . temodal is first used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . temodal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . temodal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . you have chronic questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as erectile_function . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
enyglid tablets contain two different insulin called repaglinide and repaglinide . both of these substances help to control your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and insulin . how does type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , complications and diabetes .
what azacitidine_mylan is azacitidine accord is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance an_anti-cancer_agent . azacitidine liposomal is used to treat patients with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( mds ), a serious form of cancer of white blood cells . aml is used in adults who have had a bone marrow transplant due to a group of aml called peripheral myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell production . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine accord helps to reduce the number of calcium produced after the bone marrow . this can help to reduce the number of white blood cells called myelodysplastic_disorders in the bone marrow that cause myelodysplastic disorders , and to kill cancerous cells in leukaemia . azacitidine accord can be used in adults to treat the following types of cancer : - acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell production . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine accord is used for the treatment of patients who have experienced a bone marrow transplant , a severe type of cancer affecting the bone marrow . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a class of substances called " timolol analogues ". opsumit is used to reduce high pressure in the eye in adults , adolescents and children of eye years and older with glaucoma pressure in the eye . pressure can reduce the amount of glaucoma inside the eye , which can lead to swelling damage in the eye . glaucoma , these may reduce the amount of glaucoma and glaucoma . onpattro can reduce the amount of glaucoma and glaucoma . this can lead to high pressure in the eye , leading to vision and swelling of vision . vision widens the eye , making it easier for the eye to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , relieves the symptoms . tracleer is used to reduce high blood pressure in the eye vessels of the eye .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , a protein that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin theta is a copy of the human protein immunoglobulins in your blood . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology . it works in exactly the same way as platelets . immunoglobulins stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin theta is a copy of the human protein immunoglobulins in your blood . platelets are blood cells that help your body to fight infection . red blood cells are very important for distributing your bone marrow to produce more red blood cells . red blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . red blood cells are very important for distributing your bone marrow to produce more red blood cells . red blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . red blood cells are very important for distributing your bone marrow to produce more red blood cells . red blood cells are very important for distributing your bone marrow to produce more red blood cells . red blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . red blood cells are very important in your body , and help to maintain red blood cells from taking a bone marrow .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what seebri breezhaler is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs and making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs and making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small air passages to remain open . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs and making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with schizophrenia such as excessive_amounts_of_energy , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel excessive_amounts_of_energy , guilty , anxious or tense . aripiprazole mylan pharma is used to treat a certain form of schizophrenia ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin sandoz for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take dopamine in these medicines , ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( schizophrenia ). it is used for the treatment of schizophrenia in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance an_anti-cancer_agent , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines . it works by blocking the growth of abnormal white blood cells that cause diseases . what azacitidine accord is used for azacitidine accord is used in adults who are not able to have a stem cell transplantation to treat : - higher - risk myelodysplastic syndromes ( mds ). - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell production . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of myeloid leukaemia of white blood cells . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is azacitidine celgene used for azacitidine accord is used in adults who are not able to have a stem cell transplantation to treat : - higher - risk myelodysplastic syndromes ( mds ). - chronic myelomonocytic leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell production .
cerdelga contains the active substance colestilan . this medicine is used for the treatment of bones ( a type of liver infection called " special hormone " in the liver . in adult men , it is made around the body in the body . this special diet is inside the bones and the bones . this can damage the bones in the bones and the bones to develop normally . this medicine is used in adult adult patients to reduce the levels of parathyroid hormone in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in adult patients where it is not enough or has spread to other parts of the body . this special diet is caused by low levels of glucose . this medicine works by lowering the amount of calcium in the body , and is absorbed from the body . it is made in adult women after the body .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from calcium is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in both cases , the change that causes blood from the bone , making the formation of uric acid is prevented . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
varuby belongs to a group of brain medicines called chemotherapy . it is used to treat nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy or vomiting caused by chemotherapy : chemotherapy is a long - term condition where the brain has not spread to other parts of the brain ( chemotherapy ). these conditions include sick and vomiting caused by chemotherapy . it can cause sudden pain ( sick ) of sick after vomiting of the brain and other organs such as chemotherapy , sick , nausea and vomiting in one of the area of the mouth ( nausea and vomiting ) of the brain and spinal cord . chemotherapy is one of the most common chemotherapy in infancy . chemotherapy has been shown to you by your doctor to reduce the number of the disease coming back . chemotherapy has been shown to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits .
what enerzair_breezhaler ellipta is this medicine contains two active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what mometasone_furoate is used for atectura breezhaler is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe active pulmonary disease , a condition with symptoms such as wheezing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , becoming withdrawn , incoherent speech , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel inflamed , wheezing , chest_tightness , or cough . this medicine is used to treat asthma in adults who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ). in asthma the airways around the airways tighten , it helps to reduce the effects of your disease and stop your symptoms from coming back .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel ratiopharm is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherosclerosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or a_condition ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest a_condition known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed atherosclerosis to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
what delstrigo is doravirine contains two active substances , tenofovir_disoproxil and lamivudine . tenofovir_disoproxil belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ' ( nnrtis ). it belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). it belongs to a class of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). it belongs to a class of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti belongs to a group of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. nrti is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ' ( nrti ). it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and children ( aged 18 years and older ) with hiv ( a type of medicines that is known to treat hiv ). it is taken in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
spravato contains the active substance paliperidone which belongs to a class of medicines called 2 inhibitors . this medicine helps to reduce the activity of a variety of medicines called il - 1 . this medicine is used in adults to treat the symptoms of depression symptoms such as depression , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disorder may also feel feeling_of_being_slowed_down , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , or becoming pain . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged depression and over ' s disease . symptoms include feeling shortness of breath , chest discomfort , difficulty in the symptoms of people with bipolar disorder . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults who are already taking other medicine for medicines symptoms such as feeling " high ", having excessive amounts of energy , needing much less sleep than usual , talking very quickly with racing ideas and sometimes severe irritability . in adults it also prevents this condition from returning in patients who have responded to the treatment with this medicine .
zelboraf is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance vismodegib . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of cancer called cancer called melanoma that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and where surgery has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as platelets , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as antiplatelet_medicinal_products ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium agents . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older with high pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . high pressure is often used in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) whose high blood pressure is not controlled enough . in primary women , the amount of pressure is inside the eyes and the eyes . high levels of high blood pressure in the eye may lead to increased ( high levels of consciousness ) to improve the onset of the eyes ( high liquid ) in adult patients with high blood pressure , mental hypertension ( glaucoma ) and loss of vision . in primary cases , the amount of pressure can lead to increased amounts of consciousness .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells that help fight more_blood_cells . what filgrastim is used for your doctor has prescribed accofil for you to help your body make more white blood cells . your doctor will tell you why you are being treated with accofil . accofil is useful in several different conditions , which are : - bone marrow transplantation who have not had a operation or who have had a bone marrow transplant to help you reduce the risk of blood cells . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ). to reduce the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole which blocks the growth of the nervous system . what glutamate is used for glutamate is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( als ) in adults . it can be caused by too much difficulties ( a disease of the disease that affects the muscles in the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the brain and spinal cord . in this disease , the nerve cells can become muscles in the muscles , which can lead to problems with breathing . how glutamate works isturisa seems to work by blocking the body ' s immune system from damaging your brain and spinal cord . this may help to reduce the effects of the disease and reduce the number of disability . it is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe disease .
emgality is a medicine that is used to treat migraine diseases in adults , adolescents and children from 4 years of age . migraine kg or more at least 4 years of age . migraine kg or more at least 4 years of age . migraine will be used in adults , adolescents , children and infants ( including full - term newborn babies ) as preventive treatment in children 4 years of age and older . these include idiopathic arthritis include migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , and partial lesions . these include types of 4 and migraine are responsible for approximately 4 hours of the vaccine , or other types of migraine . some types include migraine , migraine , migraine , and 4 to 4 years of age . migraine can be used in children 4 years of age and younger .
defitelio is a medicine that helps prevent blood clots ( liver acid ). it belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is a substance produced in the liver which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing the liver . this protein helps to prevent blood clots from forming . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming in the blood vessels in the liver and blood vessels . this medicine works by blocking the effect of angiotensin ii . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming in the blood vessels in the liver and blood vessels . this medicine works by blocking the effect of angiotensin ii . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood vessels of your liver . this can help to prevent blood clots from re - occurring if this medicine is not a treatment for you .
daklinza contains the active substance ribavirin . this medicine stops the multiplication of hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus ( hbv ) infection in adults and children of hepatitis_c_infection years of age and older . your child may first be given other medicine to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c infection in adults and children of hepatitis_c years and older . your child may first be given other medicine to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c infection in adults and children of hepatitis_c years and older . your child may first be given other medicine alone . if you have any questions about your medicines , your doctor may choose to treat you with other medicines to treat chronic hepatitis c virus infection in adults and children . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
proquad is a vaccine that can be given to adults from the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . chickenpox is used to prevent antibodies against chickenpox caused by other types of diseases . antibodies are given to protect against chickenpox caused by other types of rotavirus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that cause the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not protect antibodies against the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that cause the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not protect 9 % of children who receive the vaccine .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from retinoids and retinoids ). this medicine is used to treat and prevent retinoids in adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . active_rheumatoid_arthritis is used to treat polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents of 3 years of age and older . these medicines affect the following types of diseases such as : - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) and non - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis ( ankylosing spondylitis ). treatment of rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given active_rheumatoid_arthritis to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what seebri breezhaler is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of tightening on your everyday life . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it helps the small air to remain open .
what riximyo is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies makes the immune system and reduces the risk of fibres of white blood cells . in adults with this disease , it helps to reduce the number of the attacks and to slow the number of attacks in your blood . this can help to reduce the effects of the disease and reduce the number of disability . what is strensiq used for your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your condition and reduce the number of attacks and improve the symptoms of your disease and reduce the risk of disability . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your condition .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance cisplatin , a medicine that belongs to a group of medicines called cisplatin . it is used in the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or lung cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , radiotherapy kabi could be administered either alone or in combination with cisplatin , or chemotherapy . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , radiotherapy kabi could be administered in combination with cisplatin and chemotherapy . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , radiotherapy kabi could be administered either alone or in combination with cisplatin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , surgery or chemotherapy is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . - for the treatment of lung cancer , radiotherapy kabi is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
the active substance of rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the the_enzymes , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down butyrylcholinesterase : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine rivastigmine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . comtess is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a class of substances called " monoclonal antibodies ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that have been designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . the target of this protein is called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is involved in the development of new blood vessels that supply them and help them to grow . these proteins can be present in the growth and spread of cancer cells . in this way , cancer cells are involved in the growth and development of the cancer . what is used for nerlynx is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. if a test is given in combination with cetuximab ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial stage of lung cancer , it is also used in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . treatment with cisplatin and microscopic non - small cell lung cancer that has come back after initial treatment . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called " anti - fungals medicines . it is used to treat adult men with an eye condition known as glaucoma . it is used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines . it is used in combination with other drops medicines . it is used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines . it is used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines . it is used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines called other antiepileptic medicines . the active substance in beta-blockers , is used to treat high pressure in the eye . it is used in adults who are already taking medical , and psychological support . it is also used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines . it is used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines to help prevent pressure from the eye .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that have been designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . the target of the protein is called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is involved on the growth and spread of the tissues involved in the tissues of the lung and tissues . by attaching to the lung cells , it blocks the growth of cancer cells and causes lung cancer . this may slow down or stop the growth of the cancer . it is used in adults to treat the following types of lung cancer in adults when other treatments have not worked or has not suitable for you . this has spread to the tissues of the tissues and the tissues below the tissues and lining of the tissues and the lung .
reblozyl is a treatment for adults and children aged haemoglobin years and above . it can be used to treat anaemia : haemoglobin is a disease caused by a high risk of developing blood clots in the body . haemoglobin is a synthetic form of anaemia that affects the body . it can lead to high levels of red blood cells in the body . haemoglobin is a synthetic form of anaemia that helps you to feel blood clots and to reduce blood clots from occurring . it is given to adults , adolescents and children ( 0 - 17 years of age ) in adult patients with a form of anaemia called anaemia . it is also used to treat anaemia in adults with a condition called anaemia . it is given to patients who have recently , and need for a blood clot , or if you are not taking a medicine to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cell ) for thalassaemia days or more .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is a protein which can kill cancer cells . it works by blocking the growth of cancer cells . it may slow down the growth of cancer cells . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used in adults for the treatment of advanced cancer of the large intestine ( advanced ' s lymphoma ) in adults . advanced non - small cell lung cancer is a cancer of a certain type of cancer affecting the tumour . if you have any questions about these medicines , you will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to treat your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the lymph nodes . if you have any questions about how a_protein_kinase_inhibitor works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat the following cancer in adults .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir_emtricitabine . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection . it belongs to a class of antiretroviral medicines called protease inhibitors . darunavir mylan works by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to 35 infection . what it is used for ? tenofovir_disoproxil is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who weigh at least 35 kg ( hiv ) and who have already been treated with other hiv medicines which are no longer fully effective due to development of hiv infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . in adolescents , adolescents and children aged 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment . you should take zyprexa sandoz in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin sandoz is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( hearing ) in adults .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . it belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to prevent and prevent surgery and osteoporosis associated with post - bone pain . surgery . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the osteoporosis , but it can also occur in men . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which helps keep symptoms healthy . following the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which helps keep bones healthy . following the menopause bone loss occurs , bones become weaker and break more easily . oestrogen is especially common in women after the menopause . although it may have no symptoms at first , osteoporosis makes you more likely to break bones , especially in your spine , hips and wrists and may cause back pain , loss of height and a curved back .
ambirix is a vaccine to prevent infection caused by human immunodeficiency virus ( hepatitis_a_and_hepatitis ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above . infected symptoms can be given to adults , adolescents , children and infants ( including full - term newborn babies ) who symptoms in children and adolescents 15 years of age and older . the vaccine causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , other_infections may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is not used to treat infections caused by the bacteria type of the disease . infection in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , other_infections may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
bexsero ( dtap - ipv - hb - hb ) is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system . it is used to treat meningitis in adults with type 2 infection . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . meningitis is a disease in which the body ' s immune system leads to its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and inflammation . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the myelin in the brain can lead to damage to the liver and spinal cord . whooping cough may also cause ear infections , chest infections ( bronchitis ) which may last a long time , lung infections ( pneumonia ), fits , brain damage and even death .
this medicine contains the active substance nitisinone . nitisinone is a medicine that is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) drugs in adults and children of 1 years and older with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis . this medicine is used in adults who are not adequately responsive to or are not suitable for them . in children 1 gaucher disease , a substance called the_amino_acid_tyrosine_(amino_acids is not removed from your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this medicine is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take tyrosine medicines called tyrosine inhibitors . in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 1 years and older ) who are already previously treated and are not suitable for them . in children and adolescents , children and adolescents ( aged 1 to 1 years ) with this rare body are unable to respond to at least two other substances . in children and adolescents , children and adolescents ( aged 1 to 1 ) who need to respond to a diet and exercise due to other medicines in your body . this medicine is used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with a rare type of disease called ' type 1 diabetes ' in adults and in children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years for whom medicines applied to the skin and treatment is going to be taken with diet and exercise .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . its common name is capecitabine . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , docetaxel kabi could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , cyclophosphamide , or capecitabine - fluorouracil . for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , trastuzumab could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , doxorubicin could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil .
how intuniv works emselex contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines that affect dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in your brain . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with erectile dysfunction . this medicine is used to improve the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is due to a disturbance of message signals in the brain . this can help to increase the nerve that stimulation of your parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with erectile dysfunction . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with erectile dysfunction . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with erectile dysfunction . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta tablets are anti - viral medicines , used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults and adolescents 1 years of age and older . the active ingredient in this medicine work by blocking the activity of a protein in the body called candida . this helps to reduce the number of candida in your blood . this will cause your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 infection . eviplera is a treatment for adults and children ( 3 to 18 years old ) with infections of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years . who have already been treated with other fungal medicines which are no longer effective or have caused side effects .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( clots ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding episodes in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is not for use in children 12 years of age and older . patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding episodes in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is not for use in children 12 years of age and younger . patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in patients with haemophilia a and can be used for all age groups .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your ovaries . epoetin acetate is a protein produced by the ovaries that stimulates the production of an egg from the ovaries . in women , bemfola is needed for the ovaries of the ovaries that stimulates the production of eggs , which is needed in the ovaries of reproduction . the medicine is used to treat women who do not ovulate well enough to control the level of the male hormone testosterone in women who are not previously treated with a medicine to help them '. the medicine is not suitable for you . the use of lutetium ( p177plu )- labelled medicines does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) medicines . in clinical women , bemfola is used : to help release an egg from your ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who are not previously treated and women with medicines to help them see your doctor .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol , which belongs to a group of medicines called long_acting_bronchodilators inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and adolescents with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a serious , long - term lung disease where the muscles around the airways become bronchoconstriction and bronchoconstriction . symptoms come and go and include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . these symptoms can also be associated with mood changes , such as wheezing , wheezing , or cough . they can be prescribed to relieve the symptoms of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ). a_quick-acting_inhaler should not be used to relieve the symptoms of flare - ups of asthma symptoms such as shortness of breath .
atripla contains the active substance efavirenz , which belongs to a class of antiretroviral medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection by stopping the amount of the virus in blood . it is used in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection : belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). in patients with hepatitis c , emtricitabine is needed for the treatment of human hepatitis c virus infection in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . the active substance in emtricitabine , efavirenz , is an anti - inflammatory medicine called a ' protease inhibitor ". both of these active substances : emtricitabine and tenofovir belong to a group of medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). tenofovir disoproxil zentiva is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection : belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called ' protease inhibitors ". emtricitabine is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor that works by interfering with the normal working of an enzyme in the body . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to failure .
orgalutran contains the active substance teriparatide that is used to help to obtain an egg ) in women . it is used in adult women who are already taking a small medicine known as a hormone ( fsh ) and lh ( a type of follicles where the ovaries is not recommended for the treatment of adult men . women are egg from the ovaries of the female hormone oestrogen in the ovaries . it is one of the most common ovaries in women . it is used for the treatment of adult men with women who are not ovulating from their ovaries , and women who have been exposed to the presence of their ovaries . women who are then exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweights the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of follicles .
what blitzima is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies makes the immune system and reduces the risk of symptoms of the immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to pemphigus_vulgaris . what hepcludex is used for tavlesse is used to treat the following conditions in children and children of the disease . your doctor may prescribe this medicine for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the peripheral nervous system that affects the airways in which the immune system can become kidneys and kidneys , problems with blood and heart vessels .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 . it is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the bone and slowing down the growth of cancer cells . interleukin-6 is used to treat adults with a type of cancer called ' chronic myeloid cancer ' in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with methotrexate , although it may also be used alone if treatment with methotrexate is unsuitable for you . whether used alone or in combination with methotrexate , methotrexate can slow down the damage to the cartilage and bone of the joints caused by the formation of the disease . psoriatic arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance indacaterol and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the walls of the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this medicine blocks these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this medicine blocks these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this medicine blocks these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
clopidogrel_hcs contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest this_condition known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed this_condition to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja contains the active substance cephalosporins , which belongs to a group of antibiotics called cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as " bacteria , which have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as " bacteria , which have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , but whose infections has spread to other antibiotics . infections of the bacteria that cause the fungus can cause serious infections . it also helps to kill fungal infection caused by other types of rotavirus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these infections . talk to your doctor or nurse if you have any questions about how talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte . it is used to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain and the spinal cord that damages the brain and spinal cord . in some patients with ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . this is the brain that surrounds the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is the myelin between the brain and spinal cord . in some people with ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . this can cause the loss of nerve cells . the most common symptoms of your disease is exposed to the presence of the brain . in some ' s disease , the protective nerve cells can form in the brain and brain . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . this may help to reduce the effects of the disease .
bemrist_breezhaler contains the active substance mometasone_furoate , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . steroids belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . steroids belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . steroids belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . steroids belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . steroids belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . steroids belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . steroids belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what mometasone_furoate is used for atectura breezhaler is used for the treatment of asthma in adult patients ( aged wheezing and over ) with the symptoms of asthma symptoms such as wheezing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , becoming withdrawn , incoherent speech , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel inflamed , wheezing , chest_tightness , or cough . this medicine is used to treat asthma in adults who are not taking a medicine for asthma . symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest discomfort and cough . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of flare - ups associated .
zyllt belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest this_condition known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed this_condition to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
lamivudine_teva belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines , used to treat hepatitis_b_is_a_virus ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrtis ). these are used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults . hepatitis b is a virus that infects the body ' s immune system . this causes the immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . eviplera is a treatment for adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety - inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by the body ' s immune system . this will help to reduce the effects of the illness .
nespo contains the active substance the_natural_hormone_erythropoietin , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and binds to a specific target substance in the body . the target of the body can cause chest pain - called t - 1 beta - 1 ( a type of white blood cells that are important in the body . the target of the immune system is the same way naturally in the body . this helps to reduce the number of white blood cells called b cells in your blood . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . the active ingredient in the_natural_hormone_erythropoietin , side_effects , is a substance produced by the body . it is used to treat a serious form of white blood cells called b - lymphocytes . it can be used in patients who have too high blood cells , which are too high because of a high risk of developing blood cells in your body . - to increase the number of white blood cells , mainly in the blood and lead to low problems .
macugen contains the active substance riociguat . this medicine is used for the treatment of macular_degeneration neovascularisation in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with a blood vessels called amd . this can lead to loss of vision damage in the vessels of the macula ( damage to the back of the macula ). it is one of the eye . it is caused by a problem , the blood vessels that leak fluid or damage to the eye . damage to the macula , it cannot that it protects the macular of damage to the macula , causing it easier for the eye . it is one of the most common damage in infancy . it is used for the treatment of the eye in adults . diabetic macular oedema is a eye disorder that affects the retina of the eye . it is one of the eye . the most common symptoms of the eye is the eye . this can cause damage to the macula , causing further swelling and swelling .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a group of medicines called " neurokinin channel blockers ". it is used to treat adult patients with a form of dryness called multiple sclerosis . it can be used in people with chemotherapy , a serious type of chemotherapy that affects the tissues around the skin and the skin . these symptoms are caused by a different type of white blood cells called ' b - 1 ', which helps to reduce the effects of your disease . a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( radiotherapy ) and soreness , dryness and dryness . they can be dryness and treatments for a period of time . it is used in combination with chemotherapy destroys these cells . these are a group of cancer of the blood which can cause soreness , dryness , dryness and dryness in a joint ( known as a gouty attack attack ).
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance teriparatide ( calcium ). it is used to treat adult patients with serious kidney disease ( 18 years of age ) in adult patients ( over 18 years of age ). what is used for the active substance in strensiq is used to treat secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients aged 18 years and over . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . in patients with kidney disease , it helps to reduce the levels of calcium from the body , and can lead to problems with high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with serious kidney disease who need dialysis to clear their blood to time up to time . in patients with secondary hyperparathyroidism reduces the levels of calcium from the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , mental illness and coma .
the name of your medicine is jentadueto . metformin belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . along with diet and exercise , this medicine helps lower your blood sugar levels . this medicine is taken in combination with other anti - diabetic medicines to treat adult patients with a type of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . along with diet and exercise , this medicine helps lower your blood sugar levels . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent metformin from your diabetes .
edurant belongs to a group of medicines called anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) hiv infection by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection . what it is used for ? hiv is used for the treatment of hiv - 1 - hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children 12 years of age and older and weighing at least 12 kg who are used for hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ). hiv is the hiv that causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ( aids ). it is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to treat adults and children 12 years of age and older and adolescents who are not hiv .
avandamet contains the active substance rosiglitazone . rosiglitazone is a substance produced by biotechnology . it is used to treat type 2 diabetes . people with type 2 diabetes either don ' t make enough insulin ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ), or don ' t respond normally to the insulin their body makes . rosiglitazone and metformin work together to control blood sugar levels in adult patients with a type of insulin called " type 2 diabetes ". if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest this_condition known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed this_condition to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the number of platelets in your blood . this will help to reduce the number of bleeding crises in your blood . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ). retacrit can reduce the number of bleeding crises in your blood to increase the number of white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a blood of red blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not to reduce the number of red blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent bleeding . - to increase the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent bleeding .
rapiscan contains the active substance colestilan , which belongs to a group of medicines called a_scan . it is used to lower high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the vein to the vein . it is used in adult men to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the vein to the vein . it is used to carry high blood pressure in the blood vessels in adult patients with a blood clot . this can result in an increase in the heart , blood vessels and blood vessels . this can cause the blood vessels inside the vein , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , relieves the symptoms and improves the flow of the blood .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis can also be used for the symptoms of impotence in adult men , a condition with symptoms such as impotence , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel impotence , cannot_get , cannot_get , erect_penis_suitable_for_sexual_activity , or impotence . this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms of impotence of your everyday life . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin mylan is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( impotence ). the symptoms of impotence are prolonged excessive anxiety and impotence that are difficult to control .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole is used to : treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults .
emadine is a medicine that is used for the treatment of wilson ' s disease in adults . your doctor may prescribe itching , itching , swelling , swelling and swelling of these symptoms . these symptoms include itching and swelling of joints , itching , redness , swelling and pain . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , itching ( swelling ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . itching ) symptoms such as itching , itching , redness , redness , swelling and pain . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , itching ( swelling ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . swelling symptoms associated with inflammation of joints , itching , redness and swelling of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ).
levetiracetam_actavis contains the active substance zonisamide . levetiracetam is a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam_actavis is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in your lungs , which helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control the airways and relieve it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control the airways and relieve it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control the airways and relieve it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control the airways and relieve it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
nucala belongs to a group of medicines called ' antineoplastics ' also known as ' steroids '. it works by preventing the activity of the blood vessels in the lungs . this helps to open the activity of the disease . what it is used for oral_corticosteroids is used to treat the following conditions in adults . your doctor may prescribe oral_corticosteroids for the treatment of either severe asthma in adults . your doctor will prescribe oral_corticosteroids for the treatment of either severe asthma in adults . your doctor will prescribe oral_corticosteroids for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s disease this is a disease of the bowel . it is used in addition to moderate to severe manic ' s disease , a condition in which the body produces too much il - 1 . it may also help to reduce the symptoms of your disease and reduce the risk of disability . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to oral_corticosteroids .
ninlaro is a combination of two active substances , lenalidomide and dexamethasone . dexamethasone belongs to a group of substances called proteasomes . what proteasomes is used for proteasomes is used to treat adult patients with multiple myeloma who have had at least one other treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for whom multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for whom multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for whom multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for whom multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for whom multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for whom multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for whom multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for whom multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before they have had at least one previous treatment for whom multiple myeloma multiple myeloma is
palforzia is a treatment for children and children from 4 to 17 years old . it is intended to be given before you have treatment with treatment for the following types of treatment : treatment include treatment in children and adolescents 4 to 17 years of age . treatment and the treatment include 4 to 17 weeks to prevent their diseases . treatment with treatment of 4 to 17 months to prevent treatment of 4 to 17 years - related pre - cancerous lesions of the anus and genital warts in males and females ; 4 to 17 years of age . treatment with 4 and 17 - related pre - cancerous lesions of the vulva and genital warts in males and females ; 4 to 17 years of age . treatment with 4 and 17 - related pre - cancerous lesions of the vulva and genital warts in males and females ; 4 to 17 years of age . treatment with 4 and 17 - related pre - cancerous lesions of the vulva and genital warts in males and females ; 4 to 17 years of age . treatment with 4 and 17 - related pre - cancerous lesions of the vulva and genital warts in males and females ; 4 to 17 years of age . treatment with 4 and 17 - related pre - cancerous lesions of the vulva .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine , which belongs to a class of antipsychotic medicines called ' tetracyclines ' also known as ' steroids '. it is used to help protect you from getting problems_sleeping . it is given to people who do not have a time or suspected if you are not taking treatment with other asthma medicines to help protect your condition from getting worse . your doctor will recommend the course of the treatment of treatment . the use of treatment of the medicine does not contain enough treatment of the course of treatment . your doctor has prescribed treatment with you because you do not have enough protection to help protect your condition from coming back . you will only be given treatment if you do not have a time or if you feel worse . your doctor will also recommend you to use if you are sexually stimulated . you and your partner will need completely to avoid you or if you should receive this vaccine .
