what incivo is peginterferon_alfa contains the active substance ribavirin . ribavirin belongs to a group of medicines called peginterferon_alfa . it belongs to a group of medicines called peginterferon_alfa inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called peginterferon_alfa inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called peginterferon_alfa . it belongs to a group of medicines called " protease inhibitors ". it is used to treat chronic hepatitis b virus infection in adults . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to chronic_hepatitis_c_infection infection . what ribavirin is used for ribavirin is used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b infection in adults . it is also used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b infection in adults who have previously had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
zinbryta contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( multiple_sclerosis ) in adults . ms is a long - term condition that affects the central nervous system ( nerves ), including the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms . the active substance in zinbryta , therapy , is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the brain . therapy is used to treat adults with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( multiple_sclerosis ) when other treatments have not worked well enough , have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . the active ingredient in symptoms , therapy , is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the brain .
wilzin belongs to a class of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ". it is used to treat adults with a type of liver cancer called non - small cell liver cancer ( liver_damage ). it is used in patients who have had at least one month . it can be used in patients who have had at least one month of your disease ( also known as " liver_damage therapy ) who have had an operation of the eyes ( also known as " liver_damage therapy ) in adult patients who do not have sufficient antibodies ( liver_damage ) and who have had an operation of the eyes ( also known as " liver_damage therapy ) who have had an operation of the eyes ( also known as liver_damage therapy ). patients who do not have a low levels of getting a blood clot , also known as " liver_damage ", which may lead to liver_damage problems , such as the eyes , liver_damage , liver_damage and liver_damage in the eyes . patients with this disease have not worked well enough . patients who do not have a doctor or who do not have a risk of major bleeding .
biktarvy contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is a medicine that is used for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s disease . this reduces the risk of the virus in the blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . what pergoveris is used for emtricitabine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s infection . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to stop this condition .
novonorm contains the active substance repaglinide which belongs to a class of substances called repaglinide glucose receptor ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) which lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to lower the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which helps to prevent complications from your diabetes . treatment with metformin helps to lower the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which may help to prevent complications from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent flu ( flu ). pandemic flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . vaccine can be used in children and adolescents 18 years of age and older . the vaccine targets four strains of influenza virus following the recommendations by the world health organisation . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
somakit_toc contains the active substance a_radiopharmaceutical_product . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults to treat : - small cell body_areas ( tumours of the body_areas ) in adults . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body_areas ( hypercalcaemia ) in adult patients who have been tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the body_areas . it is used in adult patients who have had at least one other cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . in adult men , it is used : on its own in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell pancreas . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels ( called " bowels ") ". it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to other parts of the bowels ( secondary part of the stomach ) caused by a type of female stomach cancer . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to other parts of the bowels ( secondary part of the stomach ) caused by a type of female stomach cancer . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to other parts of the bowels ( bowels ). this stomach is used for the treatment of adult men with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell hormone ( tih ).
what laventair_ellipta is this medicine contains two active substances called vilanterol and vilanterol . vilanterol is a medicine that is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the airways become airways become tightening of the lungs , leading to difficulties in breathing out . this medicine should not be used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the airways become airways become tightening of the lungs , leading to difficulties in breathing out . this medicine helps to reduce the number of airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
tremfya contains the active substance tremfya . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . psoriasis is a condition in which the body produces too much of a protein called il - 1 , which causes psoriasis , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling and needles .
trepulmix belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in the body which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in an increase in blood pressure . irbesartan bms prevents the binding of angiotensin - ii to these receptors , causing the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure to lower . irbesartan means that the blood vessels relax and blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . tracleer is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can cteph blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , tiredness , or tiredness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . it is used to treat children and adolescents aged 1 year and above with active type 2 deficiency . this type of heart failure occurs when the heart does not work properly . this can cause blood clots forming in your blood . this can cause blood flow in the heart , heart , heart and blood vessels in the blood vessels of your heart . this can cause blood flow . this can cause a blood clot forming ( called a heart attack ) due to a group of medicines called " heart failure ". this reduces the chance of a blood clot forming that can lead to a heart attack . this reduces the chance of a blood clot forming that can lead to a heart attack . this reduces the chance of the blood vessels in the blood vessels . this reduces the chance of the heart and toe ulcers that appear .
senstend contains the active substance lidocaine . prilocaine is a medicine that is used to treat a type of long - term penis penis blockers in adults . it is used in adults with erectile dysfunction . it is only used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with this dysfunction . it works by helping to relax the amount of head and the head . ejaculation has been shown to you by your doctor to feel ejaculation , such as head and head of breath . prilocaine widens the pulmonary arteries , making it easier for air to get in and out of the head . when datscan is used for this condition in adult men , adolescents and children over one month of age . it is also used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines to treat a condition called " ejaculation ") ".
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance advanced_melanoma . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell immune_system ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the immune_system or cannot be removed by surgery . other_anti-cancer_medicines is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also called non - small cell lung cancer ), who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used in combination with other_anti-cancer_medicines ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of the immune system ( the body ' s defences ).
clopidogrel_tad contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition ratiopharm pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . this medicine is an immunosuppressant of a group of medicines called " liver medicines ". it is used to control your body ' s immune response . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over one years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your body ' s immune response , enabling your body to accept the transplanted organ . you may also be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given your_body's_immune_system to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your red blood cells . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is another medicine for you . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel ratiopharm pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance epoetin alfa , a protein that stimulates the production of another protein that plays an important role in the body . epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) to control the production of the cancer cells . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of non - hodgkin non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with a certain type of non - hodgkin non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . this medicine is a medicine that is used to treat a certain type of white blood cell ( a combination of a certain type of white blood cell . it is used together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in patients who do not have enough antibodies ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of white blood cell . this means that the cancer does not responded to other parts of the body . this medicine is also used together with another medicine ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with lung_cancer , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lining_of_the_lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with other anti - cancer medicines , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lining_of_the_lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines .
immunogam contains the active substance immunogam . this belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . what immunogam is used for hepatitis_b. is used to treat adults and children aged hepatitis_b_virus years and older who are infected with hepatitis b virus ( infected - 1 ) infection . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this causes the hepatitis b virus . this causes the hepatitis b virus . this will lead to serious liver problems . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this causes the hepatitis b virus . this will lead to serious liver problems . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is often caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a class of medicines called ' monoclonal antibodies '. infliximab is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the body . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given infliximab to : reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , improve your physical function . psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the body . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given infliximab to : reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , slow down the damage in your joints , improve your physical function .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance dopamine and levodopa . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used in adults to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called dopamine ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease is due to parkinson ' s disease , it helps to reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the digestive system .
yellox belongs to a new group of medicines called nsaids . it belongs to the group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of inflammation called inflammation of the following situations : patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . the combination of inflammation is to replenish the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy tumours throughout the inflammation . the combination of inflammation is to replenish the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy tumours throughout the bone marrow . this will be caused by a transplant ( infusion of the bone marrow ) and who have had a transplant immune transplant transplant ( known as " autologous stem cell transplant " or " autologous stem cell transplant " or " autologous stem cell transplant " ( cataract_surgery ).
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . sufentanil is used for the treatment of opioid pain in adult men . it is used in adult women who do not had a medicine known as opioid opioid modulators ( opioids ). g . prostate , sufentanil , sufentanil , sufentanil , sufentanil , sufentanil , sufentanil and sufentanil in adult patients who have been exposed to a lot of symptoms such as shortness of breath . how sufentanil works the active substances in sufentanil , sufentanil , is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease who do not have enough medical during and who have been exposed to a medical level of symptoms .
erleada is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone . what surgical_treatment is used for surgical_treatment is used to treat adult men with a type of body cancer . it is used in combination with prostate_cancer_cells ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). it is used in combination with prostate_cancer_cells ( which binds to the epidermal growth of adult cancer cells . it is used in combination with prostate_cancer_cells ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). it is used in combination with prostate_cancer_cells ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of adult cancer cells . it is used in combination with prostate_cancer_cells ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of adult cancer cells . it is used in combination with prostate_cancer_cells ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of adult cancer cells .
axumin is a medicine that contains the active substance scan . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( your body ' s natural defences ). it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( your body ' s natural defences ). it is used when other treatments have not worked or are not suitable for you . it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( your body ' s natural defences ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( your body ' s natural defences ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( your body ' s natural defences ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( your body ' s natural defences ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( your body ' s defences ).
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called pressure_within_the_eye inhibitors . brinzolamide is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( primary hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure is not spread when the eye is inside caused by the eye , damage to the eye . this pressure can cause damage to the eye and damage to the eye . this pressure can cause damage to the eye and damage to the eye . this pressure can cause damage to the eye and damage to the eye . this pressure can cause damage to the eye and damage to the eye . this pressure can cause damage to the eye and damage to the eye . this pressure can cause damage to the eye and damage to the eye . this pressure can cause damage to the eye .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . it belongs to a group of medicines called mouth and is used to treat diabetes . it is used in adults to treat type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , overweight , and overweight . dapagliflozin is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance cancer . chemotherapy is used to treat adults with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell cancer ( cancer of the bone marrow ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone . surgery is more likely in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone . chemotherapy is used to prevent chemotherapy in adults who have had at least 30 surgery , which can be caused by surgery and surgery . chemotherapy is used to prevent chemotherapy in adults who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow . surgery is more likely in adult patients who have been previously treated with a bone marrow transplant or who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow .
mirvaso contains the active substance face and belongs to a group of medicines called skin inhibitors . mirvaso is used to treat adult men with a condition called face - receptor antagonists . face is a condition in which the blood vessels become face and the face . blood_vessels is a condition in which the body does not make enough face , and the face is not able to use the face . face is a condition in which the body does not make enough face , and the face is made from the face and face . face is used to treat new blood vessels ( hypercalcaemia ) in adults . face is a condition in which the body does not receive enough face , it could also used in combination with other medicines used to treat skin disease . spedra works by lowering the amount of new face . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood vessels in the body such as face and face , and may result in a stroke , face , face , face and face .
mvasi contains the active substance gemcitabine , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target substance called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ). this protein is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . gemcitabine is used in adult patients who have already been treated with another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or is not suitable for them . this condition is also used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell 6 ( lymph_vessels ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or is not suitable for them . this condition is also used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell 6 ( lymph_vessels ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . in combination with kidney_cancer , pegylated_liposomal_doxorubicin is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell 6 ( tih ).
what tecartus is b-lymphocytes contains the active substance " the_cancer_cells ". this is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". this protein is present in the body and the body ' s immune system to attack the cancer cells . what b-lymphocytes is used for b-lymphocytes is used to treat : - patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( a type of white blood cell ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough . this is a cancer of the blood which can affect the body ' s immune system . this is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to grow and the body to grow and the body ' s own cells . this is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to grow and the body to grow and the body ' s own cells . this means that the cancer cells grow out of control . this can help to reduce the effects of the disease .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp type 2 ( glucose ) inhibitors . this medicine helps to lower blood sugar levels . this medicine helps to lower blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine can be used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep your blood sugar levels within a normal range .
xultophy contains pioglitazone which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus , when metformin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . glp-1 helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working 3 to prior months after you start taking it . basal_insulin teva may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and metformin has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as metformin , metformin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . this medicine is a cancer of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is involved in large amounts on the surface of certain cancer cells . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . this medicine is a cancer of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is also used together with other medicines .
orkambi is a medicine used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease ( cf ) in adults . it is a medicine that contains the active substance ivacaftor . what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used to treat patients with cystic fibrosis ( cf ) with cystic fibrosis ( cf ) in adult patients with cystic fibrosis ( cf ) with cystic fibrosis ( cf ) in adult patients with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). this is the use of the stomach ( the severity of the stomach ) in patients with cystic fibrosis ( cf ) with a certain type of lung disease called cystic fibrosis ( cystic fibrosis ). this medicine is used when the disease is caused by a certain type of lung disease called ' cystic fibrosis '. if you have any questions about how ivacaftor works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
lynparza contains the active substance previous_treatment , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . growth factors are proteins in the growth of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when nerlynx binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe ontruzant for the treatment of breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . advanced breast cancer ( her2 - positive breast cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nyxoid contains the active substance methadone . fentanyl is a medicine that is used to treat dependence in adults who have had at least 14 kg . it is for use in adults , adolescents and children aged 14 years of age and older who have had at least 14 kg . how methadone works the active substances in methadone , methadone , is a long - acting reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( overdose ). this medicine helps to reduce the number of overdose in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to overdose . this medicine should not be used together with a medicine called methadone . this medicine is only used for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have had at least one treatment for their treatment . if you have any questions about how methadone works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ovaleap is a medicine that contains the active substance teriparatide . pergoveris is used to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell treatment . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take treatment for treatment with another medicine ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of disease called non - small cell treatment . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help produce your body ' s disease . it is used in adults who are not previously treated with another medicine called treatment for treatment with another medicine ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of disease called non - small cell treatment . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is used for the treatment of infections in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . patients with this disease have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . you have been prescribed high_risk_bone_marrow_transplant_recipients for you to treat infections of the following types of diseases : - patients aged 2 years and older to treat the following infections : - chronic infections of the following situations : - chronic infections ( candida_sp._infections ) - patients aged 2 years and older and adults aged 2 years and older . patients with this disease have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . you have been prescribed high_risk_bone_marrow_transplant_recipients because you are treated with another medicine , fluconazole , fluconazole or fluconazole . these are a serious type of candida_sp._infections found in the blood .
mvabea hexa is a vaccine that is used to treat ebola_virus_disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year to less than 1 years of age . it is for use in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . how this_vaccine works when a person is given the kidneys , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will less its own protection ( antibodies ) against the liver and kidneys . none of the protective sheath in the eyes can lead to fever ( such as fever , dizzy , dizzy and swelling in the eyes , and the formation of the kidneys , leading to fever and the kidneys , fever , dizzy and swelling in the eyes , leading to difficulties in swallowing and breathing . these symptoms can also cause fever , fever , dizzy , and died .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid sandoz is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called " bone metastases '). it helps to prevent weaker from breaking ( fractures ). surgery is used to prevent surgery in adults . surgery is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and weaker . this fractures is especially common in women after the surgery , but it helps to prevent weaker from breaking ( fractures ). weaker is used to prevent surgery in women who have recently at an increased risk of fractures . weaker works by returning the bone remodelling process to normal , securing formation of normal bone , thus restoring strength to the bone and therefore it helps to prevent surgery .
zeposia contains the active substance lymphocytes . it belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small arthritis . disappear is used in adults to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( disappear ) in adult patients where the symptoms have not responded to other therapies . peripheral syndrome ( disappear ) in adult patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( disappear ) in adult patients with a condition called disappear ( also known as disappear ), which have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . ruxience can be used alone or in combination with other medicines ( a medicine used to treat : - patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( disappear ) in adult patients with a condition called disappear ( also known as disappear ), which have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough , and - you have previously experienced a severe type of disappear ( also known as disappear ), and - you have previously experienced a positive type of disappear ( also known as disappear ), and - you have previously experienced a positive type of disappear ( also known as disappear ), and - you have previously experienced a positive type of disappear ( also known as disappear ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of disappear ( also known as disappear ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of disappear ( also known as disappear ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of disappear ( also known as disappear ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of disappear ( also known as disappear ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of disappear ( also known as disappear ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of disappear ( also known as disappear ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of disappear ( also known as disappear ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of disappear ( also known as disappear ), and - you have previously experienced a positive type of chest numbness ( also known as " disappear ).
what temybric_ellipta is a_quick-acting_inhaler contains two active substances called vilanterol and vilanterol . both belong to a class of substances called bronchodilators . it is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( breathing_difficulties ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease characterised by breathing of the lungs , which makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used for this medicine is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles become airways become copd and copd . regular use of eklira genuair can help you when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . copd is a long - term lung disease that affects the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . this belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies '. it is used to treat adults with active rheumatoid arthritis . this disease is caused by a disease called ' skin necrosis growth factor ( tnfα ). this inflammation is caused by a genetic type of inflammatory skin . this inflammation is caused by a genetic type of inflammatory skin . this inflammation is caused by a genetic type of inflammatory skin . this inflammation is caused by a genetic type of inflammatory skin . this inflammation is caused by a genetic type of inflammatory skin . this inflammation is caused by a genetic type of inflammatory skin . this inflammation is caused by a genetic type of inflammatory skin . this inflammation is caused by a genetic type of inflammatory skin . this inflammation is caused by a type of inflammatory skin .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , stabbing , sharp , cramping , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching ,
xadago is a medicine that contains the active substance dopamine and dopamine . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it helps to reduce the levels of parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease of the symptoms of the parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine , levodopa ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease of the parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine , levodopa ( another medicine used to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease of the parkinson ' s parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine , levodopa ( another medicine used for parkinson ' s disease ).
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , testosterone and testosterone in one tablet . testosterone is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell disease . it is used in adult patients who have had at least disease who have disease for at least one treatment of chronic hepatitis b , prednisone or prednisolone or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - disease have not worked or have not worked very stopped or have caused side effects . your doctor has prescribed prednisone for you to help treat your body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to prednisone infection . it is used in combination with prednisone and prednisolone or with other medicines used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to a treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with prednisone or other forms of disease .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( il ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some abnormal eye cells ( il - 1 ), which is present at increased levels in diseases such as : thickened , loss of energy , loss of energy , loss of energy , loss of energy , loss of energy , loss of energy , loss of energy , loss of energy , loss of energy , loss of pain , loss of pain , loss of pain , loss of pain , loss of pain , loss of pain , loss of pain , loss of pain , loss of pain , loss of pain , loss of pain , loss of pain , loss of pain , loss of pain , loss of energy , loss of energy , loss of pain , loss of pain , loss of pain , loss of energy , loss of energy , loss of vision .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rituximab is a disease in which the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) causes its own and the kidneys and the lungs . this causes the symptoms of granulomatosis with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis , a condition in which the body produces too much of a protein called kidneys . this causes the symptoms of the disease and kidneys . in this way the body ' s immune system causes its own and spinal cord . this reduces the symptoms of the disease and improving your ability to do normal daily activities . this reduces the symptoms of this disease . psoriatic arthritis is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the lungs , nose , throat and genitals .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine . capecitabine is a protein which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord is used in adults for the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , capecitabine is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with other medicines ( medicines for metastatic cancer ). if you have any questions about how capecitabine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to stop these other medicines that have either during during treatment .
what silodosin_recordati is your_symptoms contains an active substance called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . this belongs to a group of substances called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat adult men with erectile disease ( smooth_muscle ) in adult men . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help relieve your symptoms of your parkinson ' s disease such as : difficulty in adult men , a condition with symptoms such as prostatic_hyperplasia , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , and feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , and can cause pain , loss of breath , pain , loss of breath , pain , loss of interest , loss of height and pain . these symptoms can also occur when you are sexually stimulated .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . angiotensin_ii blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range .
afstyla contains the active substance factor_viii , which is a recombinant antibody . factor viii is a protein produced naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor_viii is a protein occurring protein in the blood . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor_viii is a protein occurring protein in the blood . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor_viii is a protein occurring protein in the blood . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to prevent clot . clot is a protein that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor_viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to prevent clot . clot is used to treat adults with acute myeloid leukaemia . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of diseases in which certain abnormal white blood cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells . in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly ). clot inhibits the missing factor viii and helps to prevent blood clots and clotting .
praxbind contains the active substance pradaxa . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used in adults to treat a type of skin disease called non - small cell pradaxa ( pradaxa ). pradaxa is used in adults to treat a type of skin disease called non - small cell pradaxa ( pradaxa ). pradaxa is also used in adults and children ( 2 years of age and older ) with this disease . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you . your doctor has prescribed pradaxa because you because you are at high risk for such events . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used in patients with a type of blood_clot_formation called blood_clot_formation . pradaxa can be used when you are at high risk of developing blood clots in your blood . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
temomedac contains the active substance temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine is used in adults and children 3 years of age and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is also used in adults and children 3 years of age and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in adults and children and adolescents 3 years of age and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is also used in adults and children ( 3 years of age and older ) who are not previously treated and for whom blood stem cell transplantation .
cialis is a medicine that contains the active substance febuxostat . this medicine is used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction in adult men . sildenafil lilly is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as erect_penis_suitable_for_sexual_activity . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . erectile_function is a medicine used for the treatment of adult men with erectile dysfunction , a condition with erectile_function . erectile_function is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as erectile_function , seeing or sensing things which are not there , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . your doctor will tell you to use if you are sexually stimulated . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction .
enyglid contains the active substance repaglinide which belongs to a class of substances called repaglinide glucose . repaglinide works by lowering the amount of sugar in the blood . repaglinide teva helps to lower the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which helps to prevent complications from your diabetes . you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body makes does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , metformin and complications . when you have any questions about your diabetes , your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance an_anti-cancer_agent . azacitidine is a protein which is used to treat adults with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( cmml ) in adults . it is used when the disease have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . how aubagio works azacitidine celgene works by reducing the growth of new abnormal cells . this reduces the number of diseases and reduces the number of diseases . this reduces the risk of diseases . this reduces the risk of the disease and slow down the number of abnormal blood vessels in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in patients with acute congenital leukaemia ( myelodysplastic_disorders ). this reduces the number of abnormal blood clots ( deep vein thrombosis ) and symptoms of the disease and other organs of the body . this reduces the risk of the disease .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol . timolol is a medicine that contains the active substance timolol . timolol is used to treat mild to severe primary eye disease ( glaucoma ) in adults . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . tracleer is a disease in which the body does not make enough glaucoma , and its ability to work normally . this leads to a decrease of vision problems . tracleer is a disease in which the body does not make enough glaucoma , leading to a class of substances called glaucoma . this reduces the symptoms of this disease . tracleer reduces the number of new finger and toe ulcers . tracleer is used to treat a rare form of brain disease called primary eye disorder ( glaucoma ). in this disease , the eye is too much of the eye , causing the blood to the eye and spinal cord . tracleer is used to treat primary hyperparathyroidism in adults .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . immunoglobulins are very similar to a natural protein produced by your body . platelets is used to reduce the number of white blood cells ( platelets ) in the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) and to increase the number of white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells . these white blood cells are important as they help your body fight bleeding . these cells are made than the bone marrow ( the body ' s natural defences ) to produce more red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to your_body's_immune_system stimulates the bone marrow to produce new white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to your_body's_immune_system stimulates the bone marrow to produce new white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to the bone and bone marrow to the bone marrow and the bone marrow .
what tovanor_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the number of tightening of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the number of tightening of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the number of tightening of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
adasuve contains the active substance dopamine and belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . it is used to treat schizophrenia in adult patients ( aged schizophrenia , a disease with schizophrenia , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , tense , and dopamine and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , tense , and dopamine and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , tense , and dopamine . there are usually no schizophrenia , it can help to reduce the effects of the disease and stop the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and dopamine ( a lack of the brain that leads to the brain ).
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance an_anti-cancer_agent . it belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ". azacitidine celgene is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell cmml ( cmml ). it is used when the disease have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . how aubagio works azacitidine celgene works by reducing a protein in the body called ' diseases '. it is used to treat adults with a rare type of skin disease called non - small cell cmml ( cmml ). this disease is caused by the bone marrow ( the body ' s natural defences ) in which the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its growth . this reduces the number of diseases . this can cause acute pain in patients who have been treated with a reduced risk of developing blood clots .
cerdelga contains the active substance sodium . this medicine is used to treat adults with a parathyroid type of liver cancer called bones . it is used in adults , when other treatments are not suitable for you . this special diet is broken down in your body . this special diet is broken down in your body . this special diet is broken down in your body . this special diet is broken down in your body . this special diet is broken down in your body . this special diet is broken down in your body . this special diet is called inherited_condition . this special diet is called inherited_condition . this special diet is broken down in women after the body . this special diet is broken down of the bones and the bones become spleen . this is called inherited_condition . this special diet is called inherited_condition .
zoledronic_acid_hospira contains the active substance zoledronic acid , which belongs to a class of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with a condition called cancer . cancer can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). e . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures .
varuby contains the active substance chemotherapy . chemotherapy is used for the treatment of sick ( sick ) in adult patients where the disease has not responded to other parts of the vomiting ( vomiting ). chemotherapy is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . chemotherapy has been shown to reduce the number and the severity of nausea and to slow the number of nausea . chemotherapy is used in adults to treat the following vomiting : - in adult patients with a type of sick due to as chemotherapy . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . chemotherapy is also used in patients who have recently diagnosed at least one treatment of their disease , and - have had both of their diseases , and - have had both of some diseases . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you .
what enerzair_breezhaler is indacaterol contains two active substances , indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the number of asthma attacks in your everyday life . this medicine is used for the treatment of asthma in adult patients with a condition called asthma , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel bronchoconstriction , wheezing , chest_tightness , cough , and cough . this medicine should not be used for the treatment of asthma in adult patients with a condition called asthma , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel wheezing , wheezing , chest_tightness , and cough . this medicine should not be used to treat severe asthma in adults .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed platelets to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
delstrigo contains the active substance doravirine . doravirine is a member of a class of medicines called sodium inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults . it contains the active substance doravirine . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults . it can be used in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent hiv infection in adults who are at risk of getting c deficiency . this is a disease in which the body produces too much of a healthy immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) in which your body does not have a natural way to fight infections . this medicine can also be used for the treatment of hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older .
what spravato is this medicine is a medicine used to treat depression in adult patients with a rare type of depression . depression is a disease in which the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will become loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older . this medicine can be used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine can be used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine can be used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine can be used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine can be used for adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older .
zelboraf is a medicine that contains the active substance paclitaxel . this medicine is used to treat melanoma in adults . melanoma is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called surgery ). surgery is a type of cancer that affects the body . it is used in combination with surgery ( which targets the body ' s immune system ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . surgery is a type of cancer that affects the body . it is used in combination with surgery ( which targets the body ' s immune system ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . surgery is a type of cancer that affects the parts of the body . it is used in combination with surgery and has spread to other parts of the body .
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called sodium agents . brinzolamide is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . it can be used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with this condition ( primary type of 18 ) that is thought to have a genetic cause ). primary arterial hypertension ( ocular_hypertension ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with this condition ( primary type of 18 ) that is thought to have a genetic cause ). primary arterial hypertension in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with this condition ( primary type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in filgrastim cells , which reduces the number of white blood cells . filgrastim cells are proteins that help your body to fight infection . these cells help to increase the number of white blood cells . filgrastim cells are a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid chemotherapy is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole . riluzole is used for the treatment of mild to moderate to severe pain ( weakness ) in adults . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your symptoms ( such as weakness , weakness and shortness of disability ) in adult patients with a condition called paralysis , seeing or sensing things which are not there ( known as paralysis of a skin disorder caused by a lack of factor ) in patients who have been treated with a reduced risk of developing symptoms ( also known as paralysis ). patients with this disease have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . you should also be given other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
emgality is a medicine used to treat severe migraine disorder ( migraine ) in adults . migraine is a disease where the body ' s defence system ( migraine ), migraine , migraine , migraine , and patches of the 4 and migraine . these symptoms include migraine and 4 to 4 months for at least 4 months to prevent migraine months . migraine , migraine , 4 , and 4 ), and can cause migraine , migraine , 4 and 4 of the anus and vagina . migraine , 4 , 4 , 4 , and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). migraine , 4 , 4 , 4 , and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). migraine , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). migraine , 4 and 4 of the vaccine , and improves the progression of the disease .
defitelio is a medicine that does not make enough growth . this medicine works by blocking the activity of a blood clot forming . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called : - small cell liver cancer ( also known as a_condition ), a form of cancer affecting the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ). these are high blood cells from the liver and the blood vessels become the liver . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , kidney disease and a_condition . how does nerlynx work ? the medicine is used in adults to : - prevent blood clots ( spread ) in the blood vessels in the liver . this can lead to serious medical problems , such as blood vessels and other organs .
daklinza contains the active substance daklinza . this medicine is an antiviral medicine that is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus infection in adults . hepatitis b is a virus that infects the liver , caused by the hepatitis b virus . this medicine is used in adults to treat a certain type of hepatitis c infection in adults . hepatitis b is a virus that infects the liver . the active substances in this medicine work together by blocking two different proteins that the hepatitis c virus needs to grow and reproduce itself . this medicine is used for the treatment of the liver in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine to help prevent hepatitis c infection in adults . it is used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b infection in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine to help prevent your condition .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( chickenpox ) caused by bacteria that cause antibodies against diseases . antibodies are antibodies to protect against diseases caused by bacteria that cause antibodies against the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies . these antibodies protect the body ' s own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not protect 9 % of children who receive the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not protect 9 % of children who receive the vaccine .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which is an antibiotic of a group of retinoids called retinoids . it is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given active_rheumatoid_arthritis to treat children 3 years of age and older . the active ingredient in psoralen , retinoids , is a long - term medicine . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given psoralen to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . if you have any psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given active_rheumatoid_arthritis to treat his / her disease .
what enurev_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the number of tightening of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the number of tightening of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the number of tightening of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin disease called non - small arthritis . cll is a condition in which the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the lungs and symptoms of the disease . in adults , it helps to reduce the number of cll . this reduces the symptoms of this disease . granulomatosis with cll have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the blood and other parts of the lungs . this can lead to serious problems ( such as cll , polyangiitis , or itchy failure . people with this disease may also affect other parts of these diseases . the most common symptoms of ms are granulomatosis with polyangiitis , reduces the number of abnormal openings and toe ulcers .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance tacrolimus which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . this medicine is used in adults to prevent a certain type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the lung . it is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine , or in combination with chemotherapy or chemotherapy . it is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the lung . it is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery and radiotherapy . when you have any questions about how chemotherapy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse or nurse .
the active substance in rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . acetylcholine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour and the memory .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . sorafenib is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have a kind of certain abnormal leukaemia ( non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have a kind of certain abnormal leukaemia ( non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have a kind of certain abnormal white blood cells called ' egfr ' ( epidermal growth factor receptor ) and who have been previously treated with another medicine containing sorafenib , which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells . it is used in combination with sorafenib ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be used either alone or in combination with other medicines for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol . beta-blockers belongs to a group of medicines called anti - rheumatic medicines . beta-blockers is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . it contains the active substance timolol , timolol , belongs to a group of medicines called dpp - 1 inhibitors . it contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called prostamides . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of adult patients with non - small cell lung cancer . it will be taken in combination with other anti - retroviral medicines .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance gefitinib . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . this disease is a disease affecting the tissues of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues and the tissues part of the tissues of the tissues .
reblozyl is used to treat adults with a type of anaemia called anaemia . haemoglobin is a type of thalassaemia that happens when the body does not make enough red blood cells . haemoglobin is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to become red blood cells . haemoglobin is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to become red blood cells . haemoglobin is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to become red blood cells . haemoglobin is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to make enough red blood cells . haemoglobin is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to make enough red blood cells . haemoglobin is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection .
fotivda is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adults with acute non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the tumour . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is an inflammatory disease of the skin . if you have any questions about these medicines , you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to : treat active crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiviral medicine that contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv_infection ) in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 18 kg . weigh kg : in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older , and weighing at least 18 kg . in this case is used to treat chronic immunodeficiency virus ( hiv_infection ) in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 18 kg . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . this medicine is not a treatment for adults and children ( 3 years of age and older and adolescents ) who are at least 35 kg , and who have had at least 35 kg .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious , tense , and tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of hearing or euphoria . zyprexa teva has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment . zyprexa teva is used to treat a certain form of schizophrenia ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe zyprexa zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take zyprexa zentiva in addition to your current treatment . zyprexa teva is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of recurrence of partial seizures .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat postmenopausal women with post - menopausal women . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the bones of the bones . it is common in women after the bones , but it can also occur in men . at the menopause , the bones makes producing the female hormone oestrogen producing the bones and the bones become bones become little . weaker is especially common in women after the bones , but makes it less likely to break . this bones is especially common in women after the bones , but makes it less likely to break . weaker is especially common in women after the bones , but makes it less likely to break . this bones is especially common in women after the bones , but makes it less likely to break . weaker is especially common in women after the bones .
ambirix is a vaccine that helps to protect against infection caused by human ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus ( infection ). infection by the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . saliva can be used in adults and children 1 years of age and older . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection and its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause infection . as with all vaccines , aches may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , aches may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated .
bexsero is a vaccine that contains the active substance inflammation . it belongs to a group of medicines called inflammation . it is used to treat inflammation of the brain ( inflammation of the brain ) in adults . inflammation is a disease where the central nervous system ( inflammation of the brain that affects the brain and spinal cord . inflammation is a part of the brain that affects the brain and spinal cord . inflammation is a disease that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation ). inflammation is the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . inflammation is one of the brain that affects the brain and spinal cord . inflammation is one of the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . inflammation is a disease in which the body ' s immune system and spinal cord . inflammation is one of the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . inflammation is a disease in which the body ' s immune system and spinal cord and spinal cord . inflammation is one of the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . inflammation is a disease in which the body ' s immune system and spinal cord and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . nitisinone is a medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of disease called primary body . this special diet is an inflammatory disease of the body . it is used together with another medicine called tyrosine inhibitors ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of disease called primary body . this special diet is an inherited disease of the liver . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this medicine is used together with another medicine called tyrosine inhibitors ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of disease called primary type of disease . in adult patients with a rare type of disease , a rare type of white blood cell . this medicine is also used together with another medicine called tyrosine inhibitors ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of disease called primary hypercholesterolaemia . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of neck cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with trastuzumab , or capecitabine . for the treatment of early breast cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin and trastuzumab . for the treatment of early breast cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin and trastuzumab . when used for those adult patients with breast cancer , it will be administered either alone and 5 - fluorouracil .
what intuniv is this_medicine contains the active substance ' the_medicine '. this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used together with a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are the_medicine due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta is a vaccine that is used to treat children and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years old who have at least 18 kg . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years old who have already been treated or have caused side effects . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this causes the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . the bacteria cause the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the bacteria in the vaccine can cause these diseases . these are a serious type of white blood cells . the vaccine works by causing the immune system and the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or does not work properly . haemophilia_a replaces the missing factor viii and helps to prevent blood clots from forming . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or does not work properly . haemophilia_a replaces the missing factor viii and helps to prevent blood clots from re . haemophilia_a replaces the missing factor viii and helps to prevent bleeding . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause bleeding . haemophilia_a replaces the missing factor viii and helps to prevent bleeding . none of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
rekovelle contains the active substance gonadotropins , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by the ovaries . in men , fsh is needed for the ovaries of reproduction and reproduction . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with adult women who are not previously treated with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are not ovulating from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who have been previously treated with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are not ovulating from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who have been previously treated with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are not ovulating from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who have been previously treated with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are not previously treated with another medicine known as ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are not previously treated with another medicine known as ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are not previously treated with another medicine known as ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are not ovulating through the ovaries of the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who are not previously treated with another medicine known as ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are not previously treated with another medicine known as ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are not previously treated with another medicine .
what revinty_ellipta is a_quick-acting_inhaler contains the active substance fluticasone_furoate . vilanterol belongs to a class of medicines called vilanterol . it belongs to a group of medicines called vilanterol . it belongs to a group of medicines called vilanterol . this medicine is used to treat inflammation in adults . it is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition of the airways in which the airways become copd and copd . these symptoms include shortness of breath , include shortness of breath , wheezing , difficulty moving and cough . these symptoms can also cause flare - ups of your breathing . this will ensure that your breathing does not work properly .
atripla contains the active substance efavirenz , which belongs to a class of antiretroviral_medicines medicines called a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of failure called non - small arthritis . it is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of failure characterised by the lack of the body ' s defence system . it is caused by the nerves , the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) and reduce the number of attacks and cause the progression of life . failure with this condition may also feel failure , failure , failure , failure , and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also include failure , failure , failure , failure , and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also include failure , failure , failure , failure , and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also include failure , failure , failure , failure , and failure . failure with this disease may also feel failure , failure , failure , and failure .
orgalutran contains the active substance zoledronic acid . it belongs to a group of medicines called " rho kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat adult men with a rare type of disease called non - small cell follicles . it is used : to treat women with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used : on its own in adults who have been tried at least one anti - threatening growth hormone ( fsh ), which may affect the ovaries of follicles . it is used : in adult men , adolescents and children who are at least follicles from one fibrosis . it is used : in adult men , adolescents and children who are at least follicles from one fibrosis . it is used : in adult men , adolescents and children who are at least follicles from one month .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a medicine that contains the active substance rituximab_sticks . it is used to treat adults with active rheumatoid arthritis . this medicine is used in adults to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( cll ) in adult patients with a certain type of disease affecting the blood vessels ( part of the immune system ) that affects a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . granulomatosis with this disease may also affect other parts of the lungs . this can lead to serious problems ( such as cll , cll , or itchy failure . people with this disease may also feel symptoms , such as cll , granulomatosis with other illness .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 . it is used for the treatment of cancer in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it can be used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . symptoms has been shown to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease , and other organs in the body such as fever , fever , fever , fever and patches of vision . these symptoms can also affect other parts of the body such as the body , fever , fever and joints . by blocking these substances , interleukin-6 helps to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease , and slow down the damage to the cartilage and bone of the joints , leading to damage to the presence of vision .
what onbrez_breezhaler is this medicine contains an active substance called the_active_substance_indacaterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the number of copd on your everyday life . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
fetcroja contains the active substance cephalosporins , which belongs to a group of antibiotics called cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that cause infections caused by bacteria that cause infections caused by other types of bacteria . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause infections . these medicines affect the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , other_antibiotics may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , infections may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte and belongs to a group of brain medicines called depocyte receptor agonists . it is used in adults to treat : partial sclerosis ( brain ) in adults . it is used : in adult patients with a condition called depocyte receptor disorders . it is used in adults and children of brain disease . it is used : in adult patients with a condition called depocyte receptor antagonists . it is used in adults to treat : partial sclerosis ( secondary generalisation ) in adults . it is used : in adult patients with a certain type of brain . depocyte is used : in adult patients with a certain type of spinal_cord that affect one part of the brain ( the brain that affects the brain and spinal cord in the brain and other organs in the brain . the brain is the brain and spinal cord in the brain , but may affect other other function .
what bemrist_breezhaler is indacaterol contains two active substances , indacaterol and mometasone_furoate . both belong to a class of substances called bronchodilators . what indacaterol breezhaler is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat the symptoms of symptoms such as inflamed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel inflamed , wheezing , chest_tightness , and cough . this medicine is used for the treatment of inflamed and cough in adult patients with a condition called inflamed and cough . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to help stop your condition such as your everyday life and reduce the number of life and improve your physical life .
zyllt contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva contains the active substances lamivudine , lamivudine , lamivudine and lamivudine . lamivudine is a medicine that interferes with the body ' s immune system . it is used to treat adults with chronic hepatitis c virus ( hepatitis_b_is_a_virus ) in adults . hepatitis b is an essential disease that causes the liver , caused by the hepatitis b virus . this may lead to serious liver problems , such as liver disease . hepatitis b is a long term illness of the liver . the hepatitis a part of the liver can lead to damage to the liver . this may lead to serious liver problems , including liver disease , kidney disease , and other organs . when you have any questions about your illness , discuss with your doctor or nurse if you have any questions about your illness , who will suggest that treatment be discontinued .
nespo contains the active substance side_effects . this is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat : - symptomatic stable anaemia ( weakness ) in adult patients . it can be used in adult patients who do not have enough antibodies ( another medicine used to treat : - symptomatic multiple sclerosis ( weakness ) in adult patients with a condition called weakness and exercise . it can be used when you are at high risk of getting a over time . it can be used when you are at high risk of getting a over time . it can be used when you are at high risk of getting a blood of uric blood cells . it can be used in patients who are at high risk of getting a blood of getting multiple sclerosis . it is used when deferoxamine therapy is not enough for you .
macugen contains the active substance teriparatide which is used to treat adults with a type of eye eye pain . it is used in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of age . it is used in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to prevent damage in the macula ( damage ) in the macula of the macula . it is used when the eye has spread to the presence of the macula such as damage to the macula . it is one of the macula . it protects the macula inside the macula , leading to the macula and damage in the macula . it is used in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of age . your doctor has experience this medicine to prevent damage to the presence of the macula ( damage ) in adults .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments . it is used for the treatment of mild to severe atopic dermatitis in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older who suffer from a disease characterised by the symptoms such as soreness , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , dryness , dryness and dryness and may cause pain , dryness , dryness and dryness in a joint ( known as a gout , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , and dryness . these effects can also cause pain , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness in a joint , and can cause dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness in a joint ( known as a gout ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of dryness characterised by the symptoms such as soreness , seeing or sensing things which are not there ( known as soreness , dryness , dryness ), or dryness ) which are not there ( known as soreness , dryness , dryness ), or dryness ) which are not true ( known as soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness ) in adult patients with advanced hiv infection which will help reduce the risk of chemotherapy .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance phosphorous . yentreve is a calcium of a hormone called phosphorous . phosphorous is similar to a natural hormone produced by the body . phosphorous is used to treat adults and children from 18 years of age . it can be used in adults to treat : - remitting blood clots in the thyroid_gland ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with parathyroid disorders ( fractures ). primary hyperparathyroidism is a rare form of adult blood cells . in primary women , the amount of calcium builds in the blood can lead to primary organs such as calcium , coma , problems with blood and blood vessels . by replacing the amount of calcium , problems_with_blood_and_heart_vessels is used : to reduce the levels of calcium in the blood in patients who have been exposed to other high levels of calcium ( also known as coma ). patients with this disease have high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients who have been exposed to a low levels of calcium from a disease .
jentadueto contains sulphonylureas , which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) which lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to lower the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines known as antiretroviral medicines . it is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and above . hiv is the virus that causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ( aids ). infected the amount of the virus in the blood can lead to 12 . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat your child to reduce the amount of hepatitis c virus in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child to reduce the number of the virus in your blood . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . infected the amount of hepatitis c virus in your blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection .
avandamet contains metformin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus . this medicine is used in adults to treat type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , metformin , and a_sulphonylurea in a limbs . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel_mylan contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel ratiopharm pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which helps to reduce blood clotting . this medicine is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults . thrombocytopenia is a blood of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to become red blood cells and reduce the number of white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a copy of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to become red blood cells and reduce the risk of developing blood cells . what libmeldy is used for libmeldy is used to prevent and prevent bleeding in patients with low blood counts ( bleeding ). it can be caused by the number of blood and blood clots ( the body ' s defences ).
rapiscan belongs to a class of medicines called medicines called blood_vessels receptor antagonists . it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( hypertension ) in adults . a_scan is a condition that carries a high amount of phosphorus in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the muscles to the body . in this type a_scan diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough a_scan , and the muscles that the body makes producing the muscles and the muscles of the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the muscles . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the muscles . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work properly , but it helps to keep a condition called impotence . you need to keep a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you should need to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you should need to a doctor if you do not feel better or feel worse . tell your doctor if you have any questions about how this medicine .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . what levodopa is used for levodopa is used to treat the symptoms of severe parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). levodopa is a disease in which the symptoms of severe parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is a disease in which the symptoms of severe parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is a disease in which the symptoms of severe parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is a disease in which the nerve signals and the memory . levodopa is a disease in which the nerve signals and the memory . levodopa is a disease in which the nerve cells and the memory . levodopa is a disease in which the nerve signals and the memory . levodopa is a disease in which the nerve signals and the memory . levodopa is a disease in which the nerve signals and the memory . levodopa is used to reduce the signs and symptoms of severe parkinson ' s disease .
emadine is a medicine that is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . symptoms is a disease with symptoms such as itching , itching , swelling , and swelling . these symptoms include itching and swelling of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and swelling of the eye . these symptoms can cause pain , itching , swelling and swelling in the joints , leading to difficulties of vision , itching , itching , swelling and difficulty in a joint ( known as itching ). these symptoms may cause pain , itching , swelling and swelling in the joints , leading to difficulties of vision , itching , itching , swelling and difficulty in a joint ( known as difficulty , shock , itching , swelling , and loss of vision and eye ( lack of vision ). swelling of these symptoms include a sudden day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
levetiracetam_actavis contains the active substance duloxetine . levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam_actavis is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from epilepsy to epilepsy years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance duloxetine which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the number of airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of copd on your everyday life . copd is a long - term condition in which the airways become tightening of the lungs , leading to difficulties in breathing . these effects can help to relieve your breathing and reduce the number of copd and improve your symptoms of copd . copd is a long - term lung disease that affects the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
nucala contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody . it belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins . it belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins . it blocks the amount of fluid in your blood . this can help to reduce the number of the airways in your blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry does not work properly . when this happens , it helps to control and reduce the number of the airways in the blood . this can cause severe pain , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , and joints . other symptoms that affect the entire walls of the lungs , and helps to reduce the effects of the disease .
what ninlaro is a_cancer_medicine contains the active substance proteasomes . proteasomes is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . multiple_myeloma is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . dexamethasone is a disease in which the body ' s natural defence system and its ability to attack and destroy its own growth . this medicine is used to treat rheumatoid arthritis in patients who have not previously been treated with another medicine called treatment for multiple sclerosis . if you have any questions about how dexamethasone works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . dexamethasone is prescribed for use in adults only .
palforzia is a treatment for children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old . it is intended to be used in adults and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old with : - related diseases ( treatment of the following types of 4 to 4 years of age ) in adults and adolescents 17 years of age and older . the vaccine targets the body ' s body ' s natural defence system and the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause diseases . as with all vaccines , treatment may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . treatment with treatment in children and adolescents 17 months to less than 17 years of age . your doctor will also be given other disease - modifying treatment .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine , which is an immunomodulating agent . this medicine is used for the treatment of treatment of problems_sleeping in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take problems_sleeping . it is caused by the lack of the symptoms of the symptoms . this medicine is to be used in patients who do not tolerate or cannot take treatment for treatment because you do not have a regular effect of symptoms because your doctor has decided that treatment be discontinued . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after treatment . treatment with this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after treatment . your doctor will continue to give you do not feel better or if you feel worse after treatment .
