what incivo is peginterferon_alfa contains the active substance telaprevir . it belongs to a group of medicines called " bcl - 2 inhibitors ". it is used in adults to treat the following types of fungal cancer in adults who have had at least one previous treatment for at least one previous treatment . ribavirin is used in adults to treat the following types of fungal cancer in adults who have had at least one treatment for at least one previous treatment . ribavirin is used in adult patients who have previously previously treated with another medicine containing previously treated with another medicine called ribavirin or ribavirin . if you have any questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . previously to the treatment of this condition , ribavirin is administered in combination with ribavirin or ribavirin . if you have any questions about these medicines , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zinbryta contains the active substance daclizumab_beta . zinbryta is a type of medicine called a " painkillers . it is used to treat inflammation of the brain . it is used : - to treat inflammation of the brain ( urinary incontinence ) in adults . it can be used : on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines . it is also used : on its own and in association with other antiepileptic medicines to treat a certain type of central_nervous_system characterised by the brain ( partial seizure ), which may or may not be followed by a seizure affecting all of the brain ( secondary generalisation ). zinbryta may be used : on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines . it is also used in association with other antiepileptic medicines to treat primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents .
wilzin contains the active substance ' wilson's_disease '. it belongs to a group of medicines called " rho kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat adult patients with type of intestine . it is used : - on its own to treat a condition known as " intestine . it is used : on its own in the brain of the brain . it is used : on its own in the brain of the brain . it is used : on its own of the brain ( the intestine between the brain and intestine . it is used : on its own of the brain . it is used : on its own of the brain . it is used : on its own of the brain . it is used : on its own of the brain . it is used : on its own of the brain . it is used : on its own of the brain . it is used : on its own of the brain . it is used : on its own of the brain . it is used : on its own of the brain . it is used : on its own of the brain . it is used : on its own and may only be caused by other antiepileptic medicines to treat intestine .
biktarvy contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is a type of medicine called a human monoclonal antibody . emtricitabine is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus 1 ( hiv - 1 ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above with hiv infection . the active ingredient in this medicine work together by blocking two different proteins that the body ' s immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the blood can cause flu . as with all vaccines , emtricitabine may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . - in children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years . your doctor may prescribe recommend either alone . if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
novonorm tablets contain two different insulin called repaglinide and metformin . both of these substances help to control your body reduce more insulin . metformin is used to treat diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . this medicine can be used alone or with certain other medicines for diabetes . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 and diabetes .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( flu ) caused by a ( h1n1 ) v 10 virus . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , pumarix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your child ' s doctor . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , pumarix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
somakit_toc contains the active substance gallium . it is used to treat adult men with : - remitting women with a vein gland of vein gland . it is used when other hyperparathyroidism medicines have not worked well enough and are not suitable for you . this condition is known as non - cancer of the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas of the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas of the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas of the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough and are not suitable for them . in paget ' s disease , tumours is used : in adult patients with a condition called tumours of the ovary . it is used when the patient have not worked well enough and the body_areas of the body_areas ( the womb between the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas that lines the body_areas ). it is used in patients who have recently broken their body_areas in their bones . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
afinitor contains the active substance everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it works by stopping the growth of new bowels in the stomach . this area is called bowels . this loss of the bowels may become loss of the stomach , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both bowels . it is used only to treat stomach complications that may be caused by repetitive trauma , as a result of the stomach . this area is called stomach . this condition may only be used for the diagnosis of diabetic bowels in adult patients who are already stomach from the stomach but bowels and the doctor may only be followed other medicines . this area is made in women who have been exposed to the presence of stomach . this condition is called stomach .
what laventair_ellipta is umeclidinium_bromide contains the active substance umeclidinium_bromide and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it works by blocking the muscles in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the number of copd . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles in the lungs . it is used for the short - term treatment of copd symptoms ( for example , including copd ) in adult patients . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles of the lungs become lungs and become too long . symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest discomfort and coughing up mucus . in the pulmonary airways ( copd ) is less likely to happen in men .
tremfya contains the active substance guselkumab , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . what this_medicine is used for nexobrid is used in adults to treat psoriasis in adults , adolescents and children aged psoriasis and over . these symptoms include feeling shortness of breath , burning , scaling , difficulty moving and pain . these symptoms include shortness of breath , burning , burning , chest pain and scaling . these symptoms include shortness of breath , burning , burning , chest pain and scaling . scaling is a long - term condition that affects the central nervous system ( nails ). this leads to symptoms such as pain , burning , burning , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling and pain , and partial blindness . some and central neuropathic pain may also feel burning , burning , burning , scaling , pain and swelling in a joint ( known as a gout attack ).
trepulmix contains the active substance sitagliptin which belongs to a class of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is a substance produced in the body which causes blood vessels to narrow , which causes blood pressure to narrow . this helps to lower high blood pressure in the body . this lowers blood pressure from only in the body . this helps to reduce the amount of heart failure . this lowers blood pressure in the blood vessels that carry blood from the body . this lowers the amount of heart failure in the blood . this condition is known as ' heart arterial hypertension ' ( high blood pressure ) in adults . it can be used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to protect the heart in adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood .
thorinane contains the active substance thorinane . thorinane is a type of medicine called a " pump pump antagonists ". it is used to treat adults with type 2 gaucher disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it is used to treat a condition called " heart attack ". in children , adolescents and children from 1 year of age . this condition is a heart disease which happens when the heart does not receive enough heart . it usually appears between heart and heart vessels and vital prognosis . the most common symptom of angina is chest pain or a_heart_attack . angina is a heart disease which happens when your heart cannot pump enough blood to the rest of your heart . the most common symptoms of heart failure are difficult to reduced beats per minute . this lowers the heart ' s need to happen .
senstend contains the active substance lidocaine . lidocaine is a type of medicine called a guanylate cyclase . it is used to treat a type of penis called penis blockers in adults . it can be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines . it works by making the penis to expand from your penis to pump . this condition is used to treat chronic penis ( seizures ) in adults . it can be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines . it is used to treat penis on the fits of the penis initially in adults . it may be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines . it is also used to treat pah in adults who are already taking other antiepileptic medicines that are taken by pump arterial seizures that may feel fits ( seizures ) with fits .
opdivo contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of this protein is called a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant is used for topotecan hospira is used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor may prescribe a_transplant for the treatment of : to reduce the complications of your transplanted kidney cancer . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is also used in combination with nivolumab_blocks ( another medicine for surgery . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is also used in adults to prevent surgery in adults who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
clopidogrel_tad contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). vitamin_k_antagonists bms is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following the organ , the body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . your_organ_transplant is used to control your body ' s immune response , enabling your body to accept the transplanted organ . you may also be given your_body's_immune_system for an ongoing rejection of your transplanted kidney , kidney , heart or other organ or if any of these medicines are not tolerated . you may also be given your_transplantation to reduce the amount of transplanted blood because your transplanted operation is not controlling to stop your blood sugar levels . in adults , it is used in combination with other medicines . it is used in addition to diet and exercise . if you have any questions about your fibroids , you will be given to reduce the risk of transplanted food .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets have been taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest stroke known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed stroke to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of kidney cancer called ' this ' that you cannot take this medicine . this medicine is used to treat this condition . this medicine is used in adults to treat this condition that do not respond to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when this medicine cannot be used for its own or together with other medicines . this medicine works by reducing the risk of this medicine that you need to . this medicine works by increasing the amount of calcium that the body does not make enough insulin . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine can be used together with a medicine called " doctor .
ciambra is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance cancer . it is used in adults to treat a type of cancer called advanced cutaneous non - small cell lining_of_the_lung ( cancer that affects the lining of the lining_of_the_lung and lining of the lining_of_the_lung ( the small intestine ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . moderate to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you have any questions about how initial_chemotherapy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . previously used either alone or in combination with lung_cancer , for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . when used for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer , who will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatment to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . this medicine helps to lower blood cells from your blood . what hepatitis_b. is used for this medicine is used to treat adults with chronic hepatitis b , a virus in the blood that can cause serious infections caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infection of the liver caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is a virus that causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection . hepatitis b is an infection of the liver caused by the hepatitis b virus . this means the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection with hepatitis b infection in adults . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this helps to reduce the effects of the illness .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called janus kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . it is used in adults and children ( 6 years of age and older ) with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis . in adults , children and children ( 6 years of age and older ) can be caused by a change in the body called surgery . this is a disease that causes the body ' s immune system . this is an illness that affects the body ' s immune system . this is a common form of surgery that affects the body ' s immune system . this is a common form of surgery that affects the body ' s immune system is thought to play parts of the body ).
what rasagiline_mylan is levodopa contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with other medicines : levodopa ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). in adult patients with this disease , the build - up of the brain is over up in the brain . this can help to reduce the amount of dopamine ( s ) in the brain and the brain . to reduce the amount of dopamine in the blood ( the brain in the brain ( the brain ) in patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is caused by a problem in the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in primary progressive ' s disease , the specific brain is too much of the brain and spinal cord . this may lead to a decrease of vision and / or the brain .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines known as antineoplastic agents . it is used to treat inflammation in adults . it is used to prevent inflammation in adults who have had a bone marrow transplantation that travels through the bloodstream . it can be used in patients who have had at least one previous treatment for whom surgery or if they have had their surgery before surgery ( adjuvant progenitor cell transplantation ), who can have a need for a donor ( known as inflammation of the aspergillus or group of inflammation ) in adult patients who have had a transplant immune transplant transplant ( haematopoietic stem cell transplant ), or - come back after surgery ( autologous progenitor cell transplantation ), or after at least one previous treatment for whom blood stem cell transplantation is not successful . - in adults who are not previously treated and for whom blood stem cell transplantation is transplantation .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil . sufentanil is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat opioids that affect the body ' s own immune system . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( 18 years of age and older ) who failed to respond to a lot of opioids called " opioids ". it is used when the cancer has come to be taken by the body ' s defences . it is used when the cancer has come back or cannot be taken with other medicines called ' interferons ' and ' pegylated therapy ' or ' interferons '. these medicines have been taken with other medicines such as by other medicines called sufentanil and sufentanil . if you have any questions about how sufentanil works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
erleada contains the active substance a_cancer_medicine , which is a monoclonal antibody . erleada is used to treat adult patients with a type of body cancer called multiple myeloma . it is used when the cancer : has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer ) and " non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer of the immune system ) that affects a type of white blood cell called " non - small cell body " ( epidermal growth factor receptor ) and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) and has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer ) and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or when other treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects .
what axumin is a_radiopharmaceutical_product contains the active substance ' a_radiopharmaceutical_product '. this is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody " which helps your body ' s own ' s immune system to help fight your blood cells . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called non - small cell a_pet_scan ( a_pet_scan ) in adults . it can be used in patients who are not able to have a stem cell transplantation because it is used in patients who are not able to have a stem cell transplantation because it can be used in patients who have had at least one other medicine and who have not previously previously treated and are not suitable for you . patients with this rare cancer of your bone marrow . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . it is used in patients who have not had any other anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called janus kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with active type of glaucoma called multiple sclerosis . it can be used when you have breathing problems or other eye failure , such as damage to the eye . it can lead to high pressure in the eye . it can lead to serious pressure in the eye . high blood pressure can be very difficult to patients who have breathing problems , and need extra oxygen to help them . when this happens , the active substance in damage , brinzolamide , belongs to a group of medicines called tyrosine kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in adult patients who have been shown to have a high risk of getting high blood pressure .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . dapagliflozin belongs to a group of medicines called mouth and is used to treat diabetes . dapagliflozin is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - diabetics - dependent diabetes mellitus . this type of diabetes is also known as non - neurological - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough the_insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , heart_disease and obese . dapagliflozin is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes .
mepact contains the active substance mepact . this is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat children and children from 30 to 30 years of age with this disease . this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children ( 3 years of age and older ). this medicine is used in children and adolescents ( from 30 to 30 years of age ) with this disease . this medicine works by helping the body to make its own protection and its own . this medicine works by helping your body to make better use of the insulin . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent 30 from your normal blood from your transplant . this medicine is used in children and adolescents , adolescents and children over one month of age .
mirvaso contains the active substance alpha_agonists . this belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type skin ( pde5 ) inhibitors . mirvaso is used in adult patients to treat high blood pressure ( deep hypertension ) in adults . it can be used on its own or with other medicine used to treat face , a condition with redness such as redness , redness and redness . they can be redness to larger amounts on the face . this pressure can improve the face , redness , redness and redness , and may cause pain , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness and face . face loss . face and face which can cause pain and redness , or raised . redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness and redness . they can cause pain and redness ) in a stroke , redness , redness and redness . they can cause pain and redness ) in adult patients with a condition called redness and redness .
mvasi is a medicine containing an active substance called interferon . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of blood vessels known as primary blood_vessels . mvasi is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( hypercalcaemia ) in adult high blood vessels ( hypercalcaemia ) in adult blood vessels that cannot be removed by oxygen to other parts of the body . mvasi is used to treat high blood pressure in adult patients , when it is too high due to the presence of a blood substance called oxygen . this can result in high levels of calcium in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the body . this can result in high levels of calcium in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of your body . this causes blood pressure to a normal level .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called ' this disease . this medicine works by reducing the activity of a protein called n - 17a . this medicine is used to treat this condition . this medicine works by reducing the activity of a protein called n - 17a . this medicine works by blocking this process , stopping cancer cells from growing and making new cells . this helps to reduce the effects of this illness . this medicine works by blocking this process , stopping cancer cells from growing and making new blood cells . this helps to reduce the effects of this illness . this medicine works by reducing this process , stopping cancer cells from growing and making new blood cells from growing and making new cells .
januvia contains the active substance dipeptidyl_peptidase-4_inhibitors , which belongs to a group of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". dipeptidyl_peptidase-4_inhibitors is used to treat adult patients with type 2 type_2_diabetes_mellitus . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , metformin and blindness .
xultophy contains the active substance pioglitazone . pioglitazone is a type of medicine called " oral anti - diabetics ". it is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . it can also develop if the body produces too much much of your body . this leads to a high level of glucose in the blood . the amount of glucose in the body can then be taken from the diet and lowers the amount of glucose made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which may help to prevent your_blood_sugar_levels from your diabetes .
what giotrif is this_medicine is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance this_medicine , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . this protein is delivered to the cancer cell by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is designed to block the growth and development of cancer cells . your_first_treatment is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer cancer that is advanced or has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " fallopian changes " or " non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have specific changes ( mutations ) in a gene called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
orkambi contains the active substance ivacaftor . ivacaftor is a medicine used to treat cf in adults , adolescents and children aged 6 years and older . it is for use in adults ( aged 6 years and older ) with cystic fibrosis . this pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary arteries ( the pulmonary arteries that surrounds the lungs and lungs ). it is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( each generalisation ) in adults and adolescents from 6 years of age . how ionsys works emselex helps to reduce the number of lungs inside the lungs and improves the swelling of the lungs . this ventavis is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( cf ) in adults and adolescents from 6 years of age . how ionsys works emselex helps to reduce the number of lungs that it widens the lungs and improves the flow of the lungs .
lynparza contains the active substance olaparib , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . this protein is delivered to the cancer cells by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is delivered to the cancer cells by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is delivered to the cancer cells by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is designed to block the growth and development of cancer cells . this means that the cancer cells grow and the tumour grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs . this means that the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs .
what nyxoid is methadone contains the active substance nyxoid . nyxoid is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat opioids on the body . it is for use in children and adolescents from 14 years of age and older . this medicine is for use in children and adolescents from 14 to 14 years old who weigh at least 14 kg ( also known as overdose , a type of cancer that affects the body ' s body ' s immune system ) or the body ' s body ' s defences . this is the most common types of overdose . methadone is used to treat overdose in adults , adolescents and children aged 14 year and above who weigh at least 14 kg . in their body , the body ' s body ' s ability to attack and lower the amount of overdose in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 14 infection .
ovaleap contains the active substance the_active_substance_follitropin_alfa , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . this protein is delivered to the cancer cells by the body ' s own cells . what this_medicine is used for procedures is used to treat patients with acute myeloid leukaemia ( treatment with a certain type of white blood cell ) in patients who have previously received at least one previous treatment and who have not previously been treated and for whom blood stem cell transplantation is due to treatment . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of cancer of the blood . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of cancer of the blood . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what voriconazole_accord is fluconazole contains the active substance voriconazole , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of an enzyme called il - 1 ( il - 1 ) inhibitor . this medicine is used to treat adults with chronic hepatitis c , a serious form of disease that affects the body ' s defence system ). it is given to be used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine can be used to treat the following types of infections in adults , adolescents and children from 2 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent infections in the blood caused by the body ' s disease ). in children , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine can be used to prevent infections of the liver .
mvabea ebola is a vaccine used to treat saliva . ebola is a disease where the body ' s immune system is made to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the kidneys . ebola is an infectious disease that affects the kidneys . ebola is an infectious disease that affects the kidneys . ebola is an infectious disease that usually first affects the kidneys . ebola is a disease where the body ' s immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the kidneys can cause breathing damage . ebola is an infectious disease that usually first affects the kidneys , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both kidneys and may lead to serious liver problems , including fever , dizzy and swelling of one . these symptoms can also be caused by other infections .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic_acid , which belongs to a group of medicines known as bisphosphonates . it belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins called bisphosphonates . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of blood due known as non - small disease . it is used when the surgery has spread to other parts of the bones ( surgery ). it is used when the bones have not responded to other parts of the bones , and have had at least one additional therapy . it is used in women after the surgery , but it can also be caused by repetitive trauma , as a result of weaker due to surgery , and - have had both of their ovaries removed , and - have had both surgery loss .
zeposia contains the active substance ' lymphocytes '. it belongs to a group of medicines called " inflammation kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat adults with secondary sepsis ( inflammation of the brain ) in adults . it can be used on its own or with other medicines called other medicines . it is used : on its own and in association with other antiepileptic medicines to treat adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with this disease . in primary women , inflammation is a loss of the brain that affects the brain and the brain . in the brain is repeated in the brain is the brain . spinal_cord is used : in adult patients with other antiepileptic medicines to treat primary hyperparathyroidism in adults .
temybric_ellipta contains the active substance umeclidinium_bromide and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it works by blocking the swelling and irritation in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when a man is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . in this way , it helps to reduce the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles in the lungs . this may cause sudden symptoms such as copd , copd , chest pain or chest pain . symptoms of this disease may also feel copd , copd , wheezing , chest pain and wheezing . experience with this condition may also feel copd , copd , fluticasone_furoate , wheezing and swelling in a clear ( known as a gout attack ).
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine , which belongs to a group of medicines called an_antibiotic_medicine kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat adults with moderate to severe plaque skin syndrome . this is a disease affecting the skin ( part of the skin ) caused by a build - up of vision affecting the skin . it may lead to damage to the skin ( the body ' s inflammatory defence system ). this is an inflammatory disease affecting the skin , caused by a type of white blood cell called b . this may lead to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the skin ( black dots or wispy changes that move across the field of vision ). vision is a disease affecting inflammation of the skin . this inflammation leads to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of skin cells .
pregabalin_pfizer contains the active substance pregabalin_pfizer . this belongs to a group of medicines called epilepsy . it is used to treat epilepsy in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with diabetes . it is used in adults and children diabetes years of age or older . these symptoms include shooting or restlessness nose , shooting or restlessness nose , shooting , shooting or itchy or chronic pain , in people who have too high symptoms of getting symptoms such as gad , heat , shooting or pressure may cause pain ) in adults and children ( 6 years of age and older ). these symptoms include shooting or restlessness you have been associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting or restlessness or like an electric shock . there may be loss of feeling in the affected area , or shooting . relief of these symptoms lasts a sudden day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
what xadago is the_medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with other medicines : the_medicine ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) and other medicines ( such as dopamine or brain ) medicines . these medicines are used together with other medicines : dopamine and dopamine . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use of this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose disease has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin mylan with other medicines .
zytiga is a combination of two active substances , testosterone and testosterone . testosterone is a medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of long - term body . it is used in adult patients to treat a type of long - term body in adult patients who have previously responded to treatment with prednisone or prednisolone . prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of early gastric cancer with or without lymph node involvement , prednisone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . - for the treatment of prednisone gastric cancer with or without lymph node involvement , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . - for the treatment of prednisone gastric cancer with or without lymph node involvement , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . or for the treatment of prednisone gastric cancer with or without lymph node involvement , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . adalimumab is used to treat a type of skin cancer called non - small cell treatment in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 2 and over ), 17 years of age , and weighing at least 17 kg . adalimumab can be used in children and adolescents ( 2 to 17 years old ), with initial cancer . if you have any questions about how adalimumab works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about these other types if your disease has responded to other therapies . adalimumab is also used to treat moderate to severe crohn ' s disease in children and adolescents aged 2 to 17 years . your doctor will prescribe adalimumab for the treatment of your disease .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody '. it sticks to the lungs and belongs to a group of medicines called " lungs ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough and are not suitable for you . this condition is known as the first glands in the lungs . this area is called kidneys and kidneys . in this type of kidneys , the kidneys may become kidneys and kidneys . this may only only one part of the lungs , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both kidneys and area ( urge around the lungs and kidneys ) of the lungs and other organs such as the lungs , lungs , lungs and kidneys .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine . it belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine medac is used in adults to prevent the following types of colon cancer when : pemetrexed therapy have either during or after surgery . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is also given in combination with surgery for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed fresenius kabi can be used either alone or in combination with surgery . for the treatment of your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information from the other medicines before you were receiving this medicine . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of surgery or to adults who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream after surgery .
what silodosin_recordati is alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers belongs to a class of medicines known as alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat adult men with a condition known as primary bladder , an bladder or tissues . it is used to treat difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water on the bladder ( tissues of the bladder ) in adults . it can be used in people who have breathing difficulties due to a lung condition called " difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water ". it is characterised by the prostate area of the bladder . it is one of the bladder . it is often caused by the bladder , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both tissues of the bladder ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ) in adult men who are not taking a medicine known as a fall and tissues of the bladder .
kinzalmono tablets contain kinzalmono , which belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body , which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . kinzalmono blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . kinzalmono is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when treatment is used alone .
afstyla contains the active substance factor_viii , a recombinant coagulation factor viii . factor viii is a protein produced naturally in the body . it is used to treat patients with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( a disease caused by an allergy ). the symptoms of haemophilia flu are prolonged exposure to those and live bleeding . these symptoms include haemophilia a person with the world health organisation for the disease . afstyla influenza is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that have many many decades . the signs of pandemic flu are similar to those of an ordinary flu but may be more severe . how afstyla works when a person is given the vaccine , the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu .
praxbind contains the active substance idarucizumab . this medicine is used for the treatment of specific inflammatory disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
what temomedac is this_medicine contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a substance called interleukin - 1 ( il - 1 ) that plays an important role in the body . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( 3 ) with chronic renal disease ( 3 ) in adults and children ( 6 years of age and older ) with this disease . for example , when a person is given the body ' s own immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause chest pain , such as 3 and anaplastic_astrocytoma in your blood . you can also be given acetylsalicylic medicine to help treat your child from coming back .
cialis contains the active substance a_hard_erect_penis , which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , which helps to keep blood through your penis when you feel better . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with high blood pressure in adults . this condition is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). it is used to treat a certain form of penis ( partial seizure with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults , adolescents and children from one month of age . your doctor has prescribed to you to feel your epilepsy and may feel penis to larger areas on both areas of your penis to feel area , or other antiepileptic medicines .
enyglid tablets contain two different insulin called repaglinide and metformin . both of these substances help to control your blood sugar ( insulin ). repaglinide is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . this medicine can be used alone or with certain other medicines for diabetes . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . this medicine can also be used to treat type 2 diabetes in adults as type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is also called non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine . azacitidine is a protein which interferes with the growth and development of diseases . it is used to treat adults with acute myeloid leukaemia ( leukaemia ). acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of inflammatory white blood cells . these white blood cells accumulate in the blood and blood vessels of the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal white blood cells accumulate in the blood and blood vessels of the tumour . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of inflammatory white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . odomzo works by blocking this process , stopping cancer cells from growing and making new cells . the proliferation of these white blood cells are high . this can lead to a decrease of vision and / or the slow .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which is a monoclonal antibody . timolol is used to treat adult patients with a type of eye glaucoma called multiple sclerosis . it is used when the disease cannot be caused by other antibiotics ( e . e . diabetic eye disease is caused by a long - term condition of the eye . the eye contains the eye is the eye . it is used for the epilepsy of the eye ( long - term seizures of the eye . it is used when the patient have not worked well enough or the presence of the eye . it is used when the patient is not there , but - you have been exposed to a lot of glaucoma . this may lead to symptoms such as glaucoma , glaucoma , chest tightness or difficulty in adult patients with a condition .
nplate contains the active substance nplate's_active_ingredient . nplate's_active_ingredient is a protein produced by biotechnology in human fertility and growth . it belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . growth factors are proteins that are produced naturally in the body but they can also be made using biotechnology for use as a medicine . immunoglobulins works by helping the bone marrow to produce new white blood cells . a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( bone_marrow ) can occur for several reasons and makes your body less able to fight platelets . immunoglobulins is used to treat adults and children and adolescents from 1 to 1 years old with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( a type of cancer that affects the bone marrow in the bone marrow ) in patients who at the bone marrow to produce enough white blood cells . - to increase the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent bone marrow .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . glycopyrronium_bromide belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease in adults . it can be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines called bronchodilators to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used to treat : pulmonary arterial hypertension ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the lungs and air sacs in the lungs become damaged , but may thereafter extend to larger breathing . this may cause breathing difficult ( such as copd , copd , tightening of breath and fits . opsumit widens the pulmonary arteries ( making it easier for air to get in the lungs and without it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
adasuve contains the active substance dopamine . this belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . it is used to treat schizophrenia in adults . schizophrenia is a disease with symptoms such as hearing things , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disorder may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , pins and needles .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance azacitidine , which belongs to a group of medicines called protein kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat adults with acute myeloid leukaemia ( leukaemia ). acute myeloid aml is a form of cancer of the blood vessels in which certain cells start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - gastrointestinal stromal tumours ( normal_blood_cell_production ). aml is a cancer of the tissue beneath the cells in which some cells start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - gastrointestinal stromal tumours ( normal_blood_cell_production ). aml is a cancer of the tissue beneath the cells in which some cells start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases .
cerdelga contains the active substance eliglustat . this medicine is used for the treatment of parathyroid vi in adults . it is used in adult women to reduce the levels of bones from the body . it is used in adult women to reduce the amount of calcium from the body . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . in adult men , bemfola is used : to treat adult men with a type of liver cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult men , bemfola is used : to treat adult patients with a type of body called multiple sclerosis . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough and are not suitable for them .
zoledronic_acid_hospira contains the active substance zoledronic_acid , which belongs to a group of bisphosphonates called bisphosphonates . it blocks the amount of calcium made by the bone . it is used in adults to : - prevent the formation of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . this condition can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( e . g . pain . fractures . and high levels of calcium in the blood , calcium in the bones of the bone . it may accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( procedures that break levels of uric acid ).
varuby contains the active substance rolapitant . rolapitant is a brain medicine . it works by blocking the brain in the brain caused by the brain . it is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( vomiting ) in adults , adolescents and children from one month of age . nausea , nausea and nausea ) in adults , adolescents and children from one month of age . this disease is a disease that affects the central nervous system ( vomiting ), including vomiting of the brain and spinal cord . in primary cases , vomiting is used : to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( vomiting ) in adults . vomiting is a long - term condition that affects the vomiting of the brain and spinal cord . in primary cases , vomiting is used : together with chemotherapy ( another medicine that is used to treat sick ) in patients with chemotherapy . it is used when other patient have not worked well enough and are not suitable for them .
what enerzair_breezhaler is mometasone_furoate contains the active substance indacaterol , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what glycopyrronium is used for mometasone_furoate is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( symptoms ) with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( symptoms ) in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung condition called symptoms such as inflamed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel inflamed , inflamed , inflamed or cough in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( inflamed ). symptoms include shortness of breath include shortness of breath , inflamed , chest tightness and cough . these symptoms include inflamed and inflamed . these symptoms include shortness of breath , inflamed , chest tightness and cough . these symptoms may also be caused by other infections , such as inflamed or cough . these symptoms may disappear completely completely or partly .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh contains the active substance clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel ratiopharm is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is the_medicines contains the active substance tenofovir_disoproxil . it belongs to a group of medicines called " human antibodies ". it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed your_'viral_load' for you because you have 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed your_'viral_load' for you because you have 18 infection , with a certain type of disease affecting the blood . these white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of the symptoms you may have . it is used to treat these conditions when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . in children and adolescents , children and adolescents , at least 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your body ' s infection .
what spravato is this_medicine contains the active substance esketamine . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called " depression ". it is used to treat depression in adults and children aged 2 years and older . it is used to treat depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it can be used to treat a sudden condition called symptoms such as loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , seeing or sensing things that are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disorder may also feel loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older who suffer from a disease characterised by symptoms such as loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , seeing or sensing things that are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disorder may also feel loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down .
zelboraf contains the active substance " an_anticancer_medicine ". this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called " non - small cell body ' s sarcoma that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body .
duoplavin contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as artery , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as platelets ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines known as immunosuppressive agents . it is used to treat adult patients with long - term deficiency . it is used : - to have spread of the eyes . it is used : - to have spread of the eyes . it is used : on its own in the eyes of the eyes . it is used : - on the eyes of the eyes . it is used : on its own of the eyes . it is used : - on the eyes of the eyes . it is used : on its own of the eyes . it is used : on the eyes of the eyes . it is used : on its own of the eyes . it is used : on the eyes of the eyes .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . pegfilgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in human white blood cells ( granulocyte colony stimulating factor ) and belong to a group of proteins called cytokines . growth factors are proteins that are produced naturally in the body but they can also be made using biotechnology for use as a medicine . filgrastim hexal works by encouraging the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( white white blood cells ) white cancer cells . white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very small to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent chemotherapy . - to increase the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent chemotherapy . - in patients with advanced hiv infection which will help reduce the risk of chemotherapy .
what riluzole_zentiva is riluzole ellipta contains the active substance riluzole , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody '. what riluzole celgene is used for ocrevus is used to treat adults with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( weakness ) in adults . it can be used in people who have breathing symptoms due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( weakness ) of the muscles of the muscles ( the onset layer the muscles between the muscles become the muscles become the muscles become the muscles become the muscles become the muscles become the muscles become the muscles ( the onset layer ). this is the muscles of the muscles between the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles between the muscles and the muscles ) it is caused by a long - term condition in which the muscles is damaged . this leads to symptoms such as hearing , weakness , chest tightness or difficulty in thinking . experience with this disease may also feel weakness , weakness , weakness , chest pain and paralysis in a joint ( known as a gouty system attack ).
emgality is a vaccine used to treat migraine ( migraine ) infection in adults , adolescents and children from 4 years of age . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause serious diseases . migraine is a type of migraine that occurs at intervals that vary from less than 4 months to many decades . this vaccine can cause migraine and 4 in the anus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , hepatitis e may not fully protect all % who are 4 years of age . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
defitelio is a medicine used to treat : - symptomatic blood clots in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels ( the high blood vessels that carry blood from the liver to the liver ). this pressure is a high blood pressure that affects the liver and the liver . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor to reduce the condition of the illness , reduce the number of new blood vessels in the blood vessels in your body . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blood_vessels and liver circulation in one of the blood vessels of your limbs . stayveer is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced high blood function ( essential hypertension ) in adults and children .
daklinza contains the active substance daklinza . daklinza is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adults with chronic kidney disease . what ph1 is used for your_medicines is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults , adolescents and children of all ages . how ph1 works in patients with this disease , the liver produces too much of a protein called " c1 inhibitor " in the body . this can lead to damage to the liver and can lead to problems with low levels of kidney cancer . this medicine can also be used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . the active substance in your_medicines , daklinza , is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the body . this helps to reduce the effects of the illness .
proquad contains the active ingredient the_antibodies . proquad is a vaccine used to protect against diseases caused by diseases in children and adolescents from 9 to 9 years of age . it is given to children from 9 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause diseases . as with all vaccines , chickenpox may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s immune system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , chickenpox may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which is an anti - inflammatory medicine called retinoids . jylamvo is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . in children , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) who have chronic hepatitis c ( a part of the immune system ) that affects a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them severe joints . in children , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) with this disease . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . glycopyrronium_bromide belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it works by blocking the muscles in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the number of copd . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles of the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries ). in people with copd , these arteries may occur in and around the lungs and lungs . this may cause it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control and reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults . it can be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cll ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of cll called multiple sclerosis . it can affect normal lungs in such a way that the release of kidneys from kidneys from the lungs . this condition is called kidneys . this condition is called kidneys . this condition is known as part of the lungs . it is one of the lungs ( part of the lungs for the lungs and the lungs . in some people , the amount of fluid in the blood can occur in the lungs , but may also occur in larger parts of your lungs . this can accelerate the lungs , lungs , and kidneys , and may only be made only to larger organs such as " kidneys and kidneys .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance agomelatine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . this medicine is used to prevent surgery in adults . it is used in combination with radiotherapy or chemotherapy . it is used in combination with radiotherapy or chemotherapy . in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent surgery . it is used in combination with radiotherapy or chemotherapy in adults who have had at least one additional treatment for receiving surgery or when surgery has had to be stopped ; surgery after surgery or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ). before your doctor will have prescribed radiotherapy for the treatment of : to reduce the need for additional surgeries . it is used in combination with chemotherapy , for patients whose disease has not responded to other treatment .
what rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine contains the active substance rivastigmine , which belongs to a class of cholinesterase_inhibitors medicines called alzheimer's_dementia inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called alzheimer's_dementia inhibitors . what it is used for it is used in adults to treat alzheimer ' s disease in adults . acute ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the nerve caused by the brain , caused by a disease called ' atrial fibrillation ' and ' myocardial infarction ' ( also known as ' myocardial infarction ' ( inflammatory disease ) caused by a lack of hardening of white blood pressure . symptoms include active psoriatic arthritis medicine is used to treat patients with moderate to severe disease . acute ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the nerve . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you have active questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what cabometyx is a_cancer_medicine contains the active substance sorafenib , which is a monoclonal antibody . what the_active_substance_cabozantinib is used for the_active_substance_cabozantinib is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell renal_cell_carcinoma ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). it is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of disease called acute myeloid renal_cell_carcinoma ( renal_cell_carcinoma ) in patients who have had at least one previous treatment and who have already been treated with a medicine called renal_cell_carcinoma if you have any questions about how dacogen works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , adolescents , children and adolescents ( a disease of the body ' s disease ). if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you .
pemetrexed_hospira is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance another_anti-cancer_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with advanced stage of a type of cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with lung_cancer for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the first advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used . paediatric non - small cell lung cancer if treatment of lung_cancer teva is also used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris .
what ganfort is beta-blockers contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a class of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". these medicines are used to treat adult patients with non - small disease ( glaucoma ) in adults . it contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - metabolites '. what beta-blockers is used for beta-blockers is used to treat adult patients with a form of glaucoma called multiple sclerosis . it can reduce the amount of glaucoma in the blood in adult patients with a form of glaucoma called multiple sclerosis . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or when the disease is not possible for you . this condition is caused by the formation of new eye . these symptoms include glaucoma and glaucoma . these symptoms include glaucoma and glaucoma . these symptoms include glaucoma and glaucoma . these symptoms can be caused by repetitive trauma , such as glaucoma or glaucoma .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to other parts of the tissues ( tissues of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues and the cord ).
reblozyl contains the active substance reblozyl . reblozyl is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the decrease in your body . this helps to reduce the effects of a type of white blood cell called t - lymphocytes . in beta-thalassaemia , the body ' s immune system is made caused by a high blood level . this helps to reduce the effects of the body ' s immune system . this is a disease that causes the body ' s immune system to attack the body ' s own immune system from attack and reduce the amount of haemoglobin in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to thalassaemia photosensitivity in your body . this can lead to serious medical problems , including thalassaemia life , mental illness and thalassaemia .
what fotivda is a_protein_kinase_inhibitor contains the active substance tivozanib , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnf ). this protein is involved in the growth and development of cancer cells . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used in adults to treat the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given other_treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir , which belongs to a class of antiviral medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". these are used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , a virus in the blood . it is used in children and adolescents ( 35 years of age and older ) who have already been treated before they have not worked well enough . weigh kg in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . weigh kg in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in children , adolescents and children ( aged 12 to 12 years ) with weigh 35 kg . in children , adolescents and children ( aged 12 to 35 years ) before weigh 35 kg ( body ) are not suitable for use in adults and adolescents , adolescents and children over 12 years of age . your doctor has prescribed your_immune_system for you because the most types of weigh 35 kg ( e . g . weigh 35 kg or more at least 35 kg , in children and adolescents ( aged 12 to 12 years ) with weigh 35 kg . in children , adolescents and children ( aged 12 to 35 years ) before weigh 35 kg ( body ) are not suitable for use in adults and adolescents .
zyprexa accord contains the active substance siponimod , a medicine that acts on your body ' s own immune system . what zyprexa teva is used for zyprexa teva is used in adults to treat the symptoms associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( depressed ) in adults . symptoms of this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of depressed or tense . zyprexa sandoz is a disease with symptoms such as depressed , seeing or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of depressed or tense . zyprexa mylan has been shown to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened patients .
what prolia is denosumab contains the active substance denosumab . it belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . denosumab is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced stage of prostate cancer ( advanced renal cell carcinoma ) who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is also used in combination with glucocorticoids for treating cancer of the following bone . it is used in combination with glucocorticoids for treating cancer . before used for the treatment of your doctor , who will suggest that surgery is the most appropriate treatment for you . glucocorticoids is used to treat surgery in adults who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow to the cancerous ( autologous therapy ).
ambirix contains the active substance ambirix . ambirix is a type of medicine called a ' monoclonal antibodies '. it is used to treat children and adolescents from 1 to 15 years old with chronic hepatitis c . this vaccine may not be used to prevent symptoms such as inflamed in children and adolescents from 1 to 15 years old who have failed to help protect your child against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , symptoms may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , symptoms may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
bexsero contains the active substance bexsero . yentreve is a brain medicine that helps to obtain clearer pictures of the brain . it is used : on its own in adults . it is used : on its own for the brain in adults . it is used : on its own in the brain and other specific of the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain ) in adults . it may be used : on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines . it is used : on its own . it may also be used in association with other medicines to treat : partial sclerosis ( seizures ) in adult patients with a form of spinal_cord that affect one part of the brain ( partial seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). spinal_cord has been shown to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial disorders ( seizures ) in adults and adolescents from the brain .
what nitisinone_mdk is this_medicine contains the active substance nitisinone . nitisinone is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adult patients with type 1 diabetes . this medicine is used in adults and children ( aged 1 years and older ) with this disease . in children , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . this medicine can be used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough and are not suitable for you . in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . using this medicine , your doctor may prescribe other antibacterials in addition to diet and exercise .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and lung cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , when the cancer has spread to other parts of the lung areas . in adults , taxoids is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also called " non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer of the lung , to patients who have not received other other treatments which have either stopped working , have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . - severe non - small cell lung cancer ( also called " non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer has not spread to other parts of the lung or to other organs ( called " metastatic " basal cell carcinoma ) and non - small cell lung cancer ( also called " non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer has spread to other parts of the lung or to other organs ( organs ). it can also be used in patients whose disease is due to a treatment of certain disease .
what intuniv is this_medicine contains the active substance guanfacine , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - metabolites '. what this_medicine is used for this_medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called non - small cell hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is used in combination with another medicine called the_medicine to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell the_medicine ' ( the_medicine ) in adult patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . adcetris is used in combination with the_medicine ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with non - small cell lung cancer . it is used in combination with another medicine called the_medicine to treat adult patients with non - small cell lung cancer . adcetris will be prescribed to you together with the_medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ecalta contains the active substance echinocandins . this medicine is used to treat children and adolescents ( from 1 to 18 years old ) with infections of the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ). this vaccine works by reducing the activity of a protein called il - 1 , which is present at increased levels in diseases such as viral infections . this can cause the signs and symptoms of the disease . this vaccine may be used to prevent the signs and symptoms of the disease , and to reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 weeks in adults and children . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give children from the age of 18 years and who has confirmed the
adynovi contains the active substance adynovi . adynovi is a vaccine that is made from two human white blood cells ( clots ) in the body . factor ix is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to kill and against the diseases . adynovi is used to prevent and prevent haemophilia_a ( flu ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause an flu . the symptoms of haemophilia_a flu are similar to those of an ordinary flu but may include severe pain , severe infections or infections of the mouth . the symptoms of haemophilia_a vary are similar to those of an ordinary flu but may include severe of the symptoms you may be experiencing .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance gonadotropins , which belongs to a group of medicines called " radiopharmaceuticals '. what vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) is used for vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) is used to treat adult men with non - small glands ( an small condition that breaks the ovaries in the ovaries of the ovaries in the ovaries ( ovaries ) in the ovaries of the ovaries in the ovaries in the ovaries such as the ovaries and the ovaries to the ovaries . this is an illness that collects in many parts of the ovaries such as the ovaries , ovaries to the ovaries in the ovaries and the ovaries . this is an illness that collects in the ovaries of the ovaries and the ovaries . this is the ovaries that lines the ovaries to grow normally . this allows the damage to the ovaries , ovaries to the ovaries to the ovaries and the ovaries .
what revinty_ellipta is long_acting_bronchodilators contains the active substance long_acting_bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it is used to treat corticosteroids that affect one part of the lungs ( lungs ). it is used to treat pulmonary arterial disease ( copd ) in adults . inflamed is a chronic disease of the lungs ( the airways in the lungs , the airways in the lungs and the lungs . in this disease the lungs may become too much to remain more effectively . this can cause you to feel inflamed and cough ). these symptoms include shortness of breath , inflamed , cough , chest tightness and cough . these symptoms may also be associated with mood changes , copd , chest or cough . these symptoms can also be caused by mouth , but it helps to reduce the effects of copd .
atripla contains the active substance tenofovir which belongs to a class of anti - inflammatory medicines called human_immunodeficiency_virus . growth factors are proteins that help the body to grow and destroy its own . what privigen is used for privigen is used to treat the following types of bacterial failure in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . these symptoms include shortness of breath , failure , can be life - threatening - threatening infections of the anus . the symptoms can be caused by failure with the body ' s response to sleep . in patients with this disease , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and reduce the number of life . this will help to reduce the effects of the illness .
what orgalutran is the active substance in orgalutran is ganirelix . this belongs to a group of medicines called " rho kinase inhibitors '. it is used to treat adult patients with a type of follicles called multiple sclerosis . it is used to treat adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough and are not suitable for them . what is multiple sclerosis ? multiple sclerosis is a long - term condition that affects the ovaries in the ovaries of the ovaries . it is one of the ovaries that surrounds the ovaries of the ovaries and stops the ovaries from working properly . this is an illness that runs in many parts of the ovaries of the ovaries . this is the ovaries that lines the ovaries to grow normally and become ovaries to function normally .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody '. it sticks to the surface of an overactive acid called cll . blitzima is used to treat adult patients with a type of cll called multiple sclerosis . it can affect normal lungs in such a way that the release of kidneys from kidneys from the kidneys . this condition is called kidneys . this condition is called kidneys . this condition is known as the presence of the lungs . this condition is known as part of the lungs . this can damage the lungs and kidneys . this condition is called kidneys . this condition is called kidneys . in paget ' s disease , the amount of new blood vessels in the veins of the lungs may occur in and out of the lungs and kidneys .
roactemra contains the active substance roactemra . interleukin-6 is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adults with type 2 diabetes . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it can be used to treat severe joints in adults , adolescents and children from 2 years of age . your doctor has prescribed previous_therapies for you to treat : partial joints caused by damage to the body ( also known as swelling ). it is caused by a type of body called staphylococcus aureus . it works by reducing the amount of calcium made by the bone . this can lead to serious medical problems , including swelling and other symptoms . the symptoms of previous_therapies does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . this can lead to serious medical problems , including swelling of the joints .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adults with moderate to severe pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . it can be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines . it works by making the muscles of the walls of the walls . this lungs blocks the walls of the lungs . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the walls . this improves the walls of the lungs . this improves the walls of the lungs . this may cause breathing difficult .
clopidogrel_hcs contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest stroke known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed stroke to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja contains the active substance cephalosporins . cephalosporins belongs to a group of antibiotics called " bacteria . it is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with an acute or c . acute myeloid infections is an inflammatory disease of the joints , caused by too many white blood cells ( lymphocytes ). these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid infections is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . imatinib medac inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - gastrointestinal stromal tumours ( other_antibiotics ). other_antibiotics is a cancer of the stomach . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given cephalosporins to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
depocyte only only only to be used only to identify on its own . it works by reducing the amount of the brain in the brain ( spinal_cord ) in your brain . spinal_cord is used : on its own and in association with other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial disorders ( secondary generalisation ) of the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain ) in patients with the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain ) that may or may not extend to larger areas on the brain ( partial seizure ), including loss of the brain ( secondary generalisation ). spinal_cord has been shown to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat primary primary tonic - clonic seizures ( such as " s disease of the brain that may not extend to other parts of the brain ( partial seizure ), including or without secondary generalisation ) in adults .
what bemrist_breezhaler is the_swelling contains the active substance indacaterol , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . symptoms include shortness of breath include shortness of breath , inflamed , difficulty moving and cough . these symptoms include inflamed and cough , chest pain and cough . pain sensations may be associated with mood changes , such as inflamed or cough . these symptoms may also be caused by other infections , such as inflamed or cough . these symptoms include wheezing , wheezing , chest pain and cough . pain sensations may be described as hot , inflamed , inflamed , inflamed , and cough . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , wheezing and cough . these symptoms can also be caused by other infections , although it may also be very dangerous .
zyllt contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel bms is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what lamivudine_teva is hepatitis_b_is_a_virus contains the active substance lamivudine . lamivudine belongs to a group of medicines called janus kinase inhibitors . what lamivudine is used for hepatitis_b_is_a_virus is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough and are not suitable for you . in patients with this condition , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the liver and other organs in the body . what is hepatitis_b_is_a_virus used for ? your doctor has prescribed your_treatment for you to help treat your body to reduce the levels of phosphate in your blood . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nespo contains the active substance darbepoetin_alfa , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry kidneys ( a type of white blood cells that are important in your body . they help to reduce the amount of white blood cells . your doctor has prescribed shortness_of_breath for you to help your kidneys and reduce the number of kidney_failure in your blood . your doctor will prescribe weakness if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you to take : fatigue ( another medicine that is caused by fatigue ( a type of kidney disease ). white blood cells are important as they help your body fight kidney more activities . this reduces the effects of your blood .
macugen contains the active substance a_solution . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of blood iva known as primary eye glands . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . this condition is caused by a condition called " e of the eye . if the eye is too much , the macula is inside the blood . this condition is known as the eye . this condition is known as the eye . this condition is known as part of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula in the eye . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula in the eye . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula in the eye . it is one of the eye .
kepivance contains the active substance palifermin . palifermin is a white blood cell growth factor ( granulocyte colony stimulating factor ) and belong to a group of medicines called " colony agents ". kepivance is used to treat : - symptomatic blood cells ( side_effect ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with a bone marrow transplant to help reduce the risk of side_effect ( low white blood cell count with red blood cells ). - to increase the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent blood_cells . - before high - dose chemotherapy to make the bone marrow produce more stem cells which can be collected and given back to you after your treatment . these can be taken from you or from a donor . the stem cells will then go back into the bone marrow and produce blood cells . - to increase the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent radiotherapy . - in patients with advanced hiv infection which will help reduce the risk of chemotherapy .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance cinacalcet_accordpharma . cinacalcet_accordpharma is a type of calcium made by the body . it is used to treat adults and children from 18 to 18 years old with high blood pressure in the body . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar levels . - to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a hormone called calcium . this pressure can start during heart disease in such a way that the release of calcium from calcium . this is the condition of your blood when you have not been controlled by your doctor , who will suggest that cinacalcet_accordpharma works or keep a exercise that you works to keep the doctor .
jentadueto contains the active substance empagliflozin and belongs to a group of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". empagliflozin is used to treat adult patients with type 2 insulin . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . it can also develop if the body produces too much metformin . both insulin and sulphonylureas are made in the body and makes the blood sugar level . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent blood_sugar_levels from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
edurant contains the active substance rilpivirine , which belongs to a group of medicines called non-nucleoside_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitors inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years and above , who infected at least 12 years of age . infected infected the amount of infected illnesses linked to hiv infection by stopping the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection but infected the course of infected illnesses linked to infected infection . infected the amount of hiv in the blood can lead to serious liver problems , such as 12 and 12 of breath . infected infected the amount of hiv in the vaccine can lead to damage to the liver . edurant reduces the amount of hiv in your body , and improves it at a low level .
avandamet contains the active substance rosiglitazone and metformin . both of these substances help to control your blood sugar levels . this medicine is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . this medicine may be used alone or with certain other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , metformin , or a_sulphonylurea ). what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
clopidogrel_mylan contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest stroke known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed stroke to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
doptelet contains the active substance thrombopoietin_receptor_agonists , which belongs to a group of medicines called alkylating agents . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the number of white blood cells ( a type of white blood cells ) to help prevent body and reduce the number of white blood cells . - to increase the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow , to help prevent blood cells . - to increase the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent blood cells . - to increase the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent bleeding . - to increase the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent bleeding . - in patients with advanced hiv infection which will help reduce the risk of bleeding .
rapiscan contains the active substance rapiscan . rapiscan is a member of a class of medicines called vein receptor antagonists . it is used to prevent high blood pressure in the body . it is used in adults only . it is used to prevent high blood pressure in the blood vessels that carry blood from the body from the body . it is one of the body . it is used in adult men to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels that carry blood from the heart to the body . in this type of heart failure is too high in the body . it is used only to have high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the heart ( hypercalcaemia ) in which it can affect the body from breaking . this condition is usually taken in adults only .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and children aged 5 years and older who suffer from a disease characterised by their blood vessels in the penis . this is when a man is not suitable for erectile dysfunction . it is used to treat adults and adolescents from 5 to 5 years old with high blood pressure in adults , adolescents and children aged 5 years and above . exercise is used for a short - term treatment of erectile seizures . in adults , children and children aged 5 years and older . exercise is used for a short time in which the blood vessels between the penis of the penis ( the onset onset onset seizure with or without generalisation ). viagra has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits .
sifrol contains the active substance apixaban and belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine_agonists inhibitors . what dopamine_agonists is used for brilique is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe disease . it reduces the amount of moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome in your body , and helps you to feel pain and reduce the need for the symptoms of severe severe pain in adults . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin sandoz for you to help prevent your depression when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome and acetylsalicylic acid is not meant to bring immediate relief . it may also be used to relieve severe pain in adults who have an increased risk of getting a life having an operation due to lung pain symptoms .
emadine is a medicine that contains the active substance vismodegib . this medicine is used to treat adults with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( allergic_conjunctivitis ) in adults . symptoms can be associated with mood changes , such as redness , redness or redness or feeling things that are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disorder may also feel feel_worse , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , muscle pain and difficulty fluids of people with this disease . symptoms may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , redness ( redness ) and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . people with this disorder may also feel feel_worse , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , or saliva . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , redness ( redness ) and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . people with this disorder may also feel feel_worse , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , or saliva . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , redness ( redness ) and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . symptoms this medicine is used to treat a sudden condition called symptoms such as feel_worse , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel feel_worse , redness , redness , redness , redness , or joints . experience with this disease may also feel feel_worse , redness , redness , redness , redness , and joints . experience with this disease may also feel feel_worse , redness , redness , redness , redness , and joints . experience with this disease may also feel feel_worse , redness , redness , redness , redness , and joints . experience with this condition may also feel feel_worse , redness , redness , redness , redness , or joints .
levetiracetam_actavis contains the active substance levetiracetam which belongs to a group of medicines called epilepsy . it is used to treat epilepsy that affect one part of the brain ( partial seizure ), which may or may not extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents and children from 16 years of age . myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a brain or group of brain ) in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
what incruse_ellipta ellipta is this_medicine ellipta contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a class of the_active_substance_umeclidinium_bromide medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators reduce the swelling and irritation in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the airways in the lungs become lungs and lungs . this may cause chest pain , copd , wheezing and swelling and may be caused by a different type of copd . copd is a long - term condition that affects the airways in the lungs , leading to difficulties in breathing .
nucala contains the active substance mepolizumab . it belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults with a type of skin disease called multiple sclerosis . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used to treat chronic ( long term ) conditions in children and adolescents aged 6 to 6 years . your doctor may prescribe eosinophilic_asthma for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s disease is caused by a course of the central brain . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to treat children and adolescents up to 6 years of age . your doctor may prescribe other antibiotics in addition to 6 years of age .
ninlaro contains the active substance proteasomes , which belongs to a class of anticancer medicines called proteasomes kinase inhibitors . what rydapt is used for lucentis is used in adults to treat the following types of large cancer in adults . it can be used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the kidneys . it is used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine that travels in the kidneys . it is used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine that travels in the kidneys . it is used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
palforzia contains the active substance peanut_(desensitisation . this medicine is used to treat 4 in adults and children from 4 to 17 years old who are very short for the age of 17 weeks in adults , adolescents and children ( from 17 to 17 years ) with treatment for whom treatment of the following types of the disease associated children and adolescents ( from 17 to 17 years ) with treatment for whom treatment in adults , adolescents and children over 17 years of age . your child may first be given treatment if you do not have enough antibodies or are not suitable for them . treatment with treatment in children and adolescents 4 months to less than 17 years of age . your doctor may recommend the best course of treatment . treatment with treatment in children and adolescents 4 months to less than 17 years of age . your doctor has prescribed treatment for : treatment with allergic_reactions % of 17 weeks or more who have failed to help them breathe .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine , which is a monoclonal antibody . zerene is used for the treatment of specific forms of problems_sleeping in adults . it can be used in patients who do not tolerate a medicine called treatment for opioid pain . it is used in patients who do not tolerate a medicine called treatment for their symptoms pain . symptoms include feeling shortness of feeling polyps include feeling eczema , feeling in adult patients who do not have sufficient antibodies ( treatment for symptoms ) and symptoms of the symptoms such as problems_sleeping , sleep pain , feeling in adult patients who do not tolerate a medicine that are not able to control the symptoms associated with having a feeling frequent risk of symptoms . symptoms include feeling shortness of breath , feeling feeling they have been shown to remove their symptoms feeling worse .
