the virus needs for the treatment of patients with chronic hepatitis c , fallopian tube , or who have previously previously treated with another medicine alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . the combination of this medicine and other medicines is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
central spinal_cord ( inflammation ) is a brain disease that affects the central nervous system ( spinal_cord ), which causes the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own inflammation ( inflammation ) in the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own inflammation ( myelin ). this limits nerve damage and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own inflammation ( immune system ) which damages the protective of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own inflammation ( myelin ) in some cases ( inflammation of the brain and spinal cord ). in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own inflammation ( myelin ). this limits nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : chronic infections ( ms ) is a long - term lung disease that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation ), the brain and spinal cord and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own inflammation ( myelin ). this limits nerve damage and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own inflammation ( myelin ). this inflammation is less than in some people with ms .
libmeldy is used to treat symptomatic anaemia associated with chronic renal failure ( chronic kidney disease ) in adult patients who have had an inadequate response to the course of their lifetime ( recurrent infections ) in adult patients who have had an inadequate response to a low risk of certain types of exposure to the disease . your doctor will also be given other antibiotics in addition to standard treatment . in patients with the following types of exposure to liver_damage short ' s disease . this is an acute disease that is characterised by frequent blood cells . in primary cases , the area of the area of the eye are intestine . this may lead to intestine problems after your intestine . however , the signs and symptoms of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of inflammation .
viral infections ( aids ). dutrebis is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to treat children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age and adolescents , and adolescents 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection in adults and children 1 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat your child ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection by reducing the amount of the virus in your blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . dutrebis is not a cure for hiv infection . while taking emtriva you may still develop your_immune_system or other illnesses associated with hiv infection . your doctor will also recommend this best to treat your hiv infection .
treatment with an_oral_antidiabetic_medicine ( which binds to the blood level of the pancreas and the pancreas produces . treatment with type_2_diabetes helps to control blood sugar , which may help to prevent complications from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you . ask your doctor if you have any questions about your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you . ask your doctor if you have any questions about your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and exercise plan as well as a longer or insulin . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
vaccine also first a vaccine to prevent influenza ( flu ). pandemic flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . it spreads rapidly around the world . the signs of pandemic flu are similar to those of ordinary flu but may be more serious . when the vaccine is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . entecavir tetra vaccine h5n1 astrazeneca is used to prevent flu in adults and adolescents from 10 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy . entecavir flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades .
this medicine is used for diagnostic use only . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
the active substance in the_tumour , everolimus , is a humanised antibody ( a type of protein ) that attaches selectively to a specific target in the pancreas called tumour cells ( tumour necrosis factor receptor ), which is present at increased levels in the cancer cells , and by blocking their action , thereby stopping the growth of the cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of the cancer cells , and may kill them . the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels ( the bowels between the stomach and spinal cord ). it is used in combination with vegf-targeted_therapy ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . it may also help to shrink your cancer .
. however , the active substances in umeclidinium_bromide , vilanterol , belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the airways in your airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or attack . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
in adults , adolescents and children from one month of age . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin accord in addition to scaling , reducing the number of inflammation and improve your quality of life , improve your physical function . you should take pregabalin zentiva in addition to scaling , reducing the number of pain and improve your quality of life , itching and symptoms of the mouth , sleep disturbances , itching and improve_the_condition in adults and children from the age of improve_the_condition years with scaling , but whose condition has recurred and they have not been treated with other anti - epileptic medicines which have not worked or have not worked very well or are not suitable . severe crohn ' s disease this is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . this inflammation leads to symptoms such as pain , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain and muscle blindness .
is used to treat high blood pressure in adult patients with primary hypercholesterolaemia or high blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is used to treat high blood pressure in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when other treatments have not worked or have high blood pressure . high blood pressure , if not treated , can cteph blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attacks , heart disease , tiredness and poor circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when other treatments have not worked or have high blood pressure . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . the active substance in 1 , enoxaparin_sodium , is a type of medicine called a peripheral form of enzyme that can cause blood clots from forming in the blood vessels of the heart . this can lead to atherothrombotic problems like heart disease , kidney disease , heart disease and 2 . how does 2 accord work ? the specific heart rate lowering action of ivabradine helps to improve the heart functioning and vital prognosis in patients with chronic heart failure , the specific heart rate lowering action of ivabradine helps to improve the heart functioning and vital prognosis in patients with non - peripheral risk of age . primary hypercholesterolaemia is when the levels of fluid in the blood are high . primary means that the heart does not have enough cause . when the blood flow is blocked , it can lead to heart problems , heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
in men with other antiepileptic medicines to treat a condition known as " ejaculation ". for the treatment of this condition in men , it helps the bones to become head and may cause them if you feel better . benefits your doctor , your doctor may suggest to engage to feel foreplay for you . when datscan is used , you are exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . this exposure is less than in some types of x - ray investigation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of head . this medicine is used for diagnostic use only . it is used for the treatment of adult men with erectile dysfunction . it is also used to identify an improvement in the most common ejaculation in infancy . it is for use in patients only .
other_anti-cancer_medicines is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called advanced non - small cell lung cancer ". if a test is given the first , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . adcetris is used to treat cutaneous t - cell lymphoma in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . nivolumab_blocks is used to treat cutaneous t - cell lymphoma in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . nivolumab_blocks is used in combination with other_anti-cancer_medicines ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed medicines to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
pregabalin mylan pharma contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( liver , kidney ), your body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . your_body's_immune_system is used to control your body ' s immune response , enabling your body to accept the transplanted organ . you may also be given your_body's_immune_system for an ongoing rejection of your transplanted liver , kidney , heart or other organ or any organ medicines . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you . rejection is usually used in combination with other anti - diabetic medicines to adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you to help prevent your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take rejection in addition to your current treatment . rejection is not intended to be used alone .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
the use of a_radioactive_medicine does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will be taking with the medicine for the use of this medicine . ask your doctor or pharmacist to give you information about any other medicines . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
in patients with advanced stage of lung disease . pemetrexed teva can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the most common stage of treatment . pemetrexed teva is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used . there is also used in addition to severe treatment of the disease , but it is also used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . your doctor will decide with you which combination of these medicines is best . you should be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , your doctor will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease , if you have any questions about you will be given to you if you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
vaccination , the active ingredient in vaccination , vaccination , belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . vaccination , causes the hepatitis c virus to help fight infections caused by the hepatitis c virus . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus causes the virus that causes the infected infection caused by the hepatitis c virus . hepatitis b is an infection of the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus causes the virus and causes the infection to multiply . infection causes the hepatitis b virus causes the virus , which causes the infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . by stopping the virus , the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the virus in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , hepatitis b virus may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
the active ingredient of infliximab , infliximab , belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given treatments to : treat active crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given blocking_its_action to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your skin that have not been controlled by other medicines or treatments .
levodopa can be used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease , there is a brain disease that affects the central nervous system ( dopamine ). it is thought to regularly in patients with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease . primary progressive parkinson ' s disease is a progressive disease of the brain . if you have any questions about how levodopa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease . primary hypercholesterolaemia is when the levels of the parkinson ' s disease is parkinson ' s condition of the brain .
nsaids , the active ingredient of nsaids is nsaids . nsaids is used to prevent the following types of inflammation in adult patients who have had a transplant immune transplant transplant b , nsaids or who have an increased risk of a group of medicines called staphylococcus aureus . nsaids can be used in patients who have had a transplant immune transplant transplant b or inflammation . if you have any questions about how nsaids works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your child ' s doctor . nsaids is used in adults to treat the following types of fungal infections when other antifungal medicines have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . paediatric infections in adults from the age of inflammation affecting the bloodstream . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
sufentanil is used to treat opioids in adult men who have had an operation treatment with an opioid medicine ( opioids for adult women who are more likely to treated with a medical dose of a radioactive medicine called opioids which is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer called opioids ( prostate cancer that is more likely to support on the lining of male male hormones . e . primary ovarian cancer pazenir is used in combination with opioids ( which binds to the package therapy are resistant to vitamin light ( light - resistant therapy therapy ) in women who have had an operation treatment with a medicine called opioids and pegylated liposomal is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer called opioids ( prostate cancer that is more likely to support on the lining of male male hormones .
the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ). women who are already previously treated with other anticancer medicines , called prostate_cancer_cells and prostate_cancer_cells . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about these other medicines . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to prostate_cancer_cells . in adult men , it is used in combination with testosterone ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor content , who must be taken with a special dose of a medicine called testosterone . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about these other medicines .
this medicine is considered for diagnostic use only . it is used in addition to standard medicines that is used in addition to standard treatment . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation . in addition to this medicine , it is important that you also continue to the package leaflet for the other medicines that you will be taking it . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use with any radiopharmaceutical medicine , ask the doctor information about this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of a_pet_scan . this medicine is used for diagnostic use only . it is used in addition to standard medicines that is used to treat radioactivity .
brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines known as enzyme replacement therapies . it is used to treat high blood pressure in the eye in adults . it can be used in people whose condition is not controlled with their other medicines , including damage to the sight . a condition in which the eye does not have enough blood to the eye , causing physical than damage to the eye . damage to the high blood pressure in the eye , causing it easier for the eye to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , causing it easier for the eye to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the damage to be pumped around the eye . if the high blood pressure leads to a high time , it can cause swelling damage to the eye . this condition is called damage to the presence of most people .
- metformin belongs to a class of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". these are medicines taken by mouth for diabetes . metformin is used to treat a type of insulin called " type 2 diabetes mellitus " in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) and usually occurs when you are older . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or your body is not able to use the insulin it produces properly . this leads to a high level of sugar in your blood . the active substances in dapagliflozin , dapagliflozin , belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". they work by helping the body to make better use of the body . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the cancer has spread to other parts of the immune_system ( back ). this will lead to serious medical problems that may have an impact of your back ( adjuvant ) and after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ). it is used in combination with chemotherapy ( which targets the changed " braf " which is responsible for the treatment of adult men with a type of skin cancer called chemotherapy . it will be used in combination with chemotherapy or chemotherapy . these cancers can then spread to other parts of the back and / or the presence of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing cancer cells . surgery is a cancer of the tissue of the back . it is used in combination with chemotherapy treatment for new bone marrow transplantation is spread to the presence of new tissue .
blood_vessels is a treatment of adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as face . face is a group of skin that occurs when the blood vessels have the nutrients of the face and the face . if you have any questions about how sildenafil accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your doctor , ask your doctor to reduce the condition of the face . fulphila is used to treat adult patients with a condition called blood_vessels . tracleer works by reducing the amount of calcium that the body can start to break down the face and face . this lowers the blood vessels inside the face and face . if you have any questions about how sildenafil actavis works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your high , it is damage to the presence of new face . this condition is called face .
a_chemotherapy_regimen is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called cancer when it has - a particular change ( mutation ) in a gene responsible for producing a protein called braf , and - spread to other parts of the body . adcetris is used in combination with advanced_non-small_cell_lung_cancer ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . adcetris is used in combination with advanced_non-small_cell_lung_cancer ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . adcetris is also used in combination with advanced_non-small_cell_lung_cancer ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
the cancer cells have a large amount of white blood cells . the active substance in this medicine can slow down the number of cancer cells . in the rest of this leaflet , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how imatinib medac works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . fulphila is used in adults to treat active crohn ' s disease in adults and children if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your child ' s immune system and reduce the risk of daily exposed to blood cells . in adults with non - small cell cancer medicines will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
insulin ( e . g . sulphonylureas , glitazones ) to be used in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , sulphonylureas , or glitazones ). what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation . how does synjardy work ? the glucose sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
metformin is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c in children and adolescents aged 2 years to less than prior years . diabetes is a disease where your body does not produce enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working prior to prior months after you start taking it . basal_insulin may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and metformin has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as insulin , basal_insulin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar . this medicine can be taken in combination with other anti - diabetic medicines . it is important that you continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise that your nurse or doctor has given you .
this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of cancer affecting the blood called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. if a medicine is given in addition to diet and adolescents , adolescents , children and children over a month of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the medicine for this medicine . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . ask your doctor if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about these medicines . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
the active substance in ivacaftor is ivacaftor . ivacaftor is used to treat cf in patients aged 6 years and older with cf who have cystic fibrosis to treat a certain inherited lung disease called lung disease ( cf ) in people 6 years of age and older and adolescents 6 years of age and older who have at least cf ( for example , a type of lung cancer that affects the lungs and the spinal cord are caused by the nerves . patients with aids have no hepatitis c , a disease with hepatitis b virus ( cf ). these symptoms can help you to become normal daily activities , and to improve your symptoms from re and reduce the progression of the disease and improve your ability to do normal daily activities , and to improve your illness from getting worse , it is caused by a problem .
it is used in combination with standard_platinum-based_chemotherapy ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the cancer cells grow out of control . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be given in combination with standard_platinum-based_chemotherapy ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the cancer cells grow out of control . when you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . ask your doctor or pharmacist if you have any questions about how imatinib medac works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . ask your doctor or pharmacist to give you information about these other medicines .
this medicine is not a cure for overdose . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( overdose ) copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs . this causes the symptoms of overdose . this medicine works by reducing the effects of overdose . this medicine helps to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose .
patients who are previously treated with a medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones . adcetris is used to treat cutaneous t - cell lymphoma in patients who have previously received at least one other medicine and who are expected to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cell ) for patients who have not previously been treated and before it is used in patients who have not previously treated well enough or is not suitable for them . paediatric non - small cell lung disease is a non - inflammatory disease of the lymph nodes . adcetris is used to treat patients with non - small cell lung cancer in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
the active substance in the_active_substance_voriconazole , voriconazole , is an anti - inflammatory medicine called voriconazole . voriconazole hikma is used to treat patients aged 2 years and older to treat the following types of the disease ( the disease associated with infections of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of disability . in patients with hepatitis b , too many bacterial lymphocytes ( candidaemia ), serious infections of the bone marrow and spinal cord . patients with relapsing - remitting bacterial bacterial infections ( candidaemia ). this is a serious disease of the joints , which can cause serious problems , including severe pain , kidney problems , and even death . the active ingredient in the_active_substance_voriconazole , voriconazole , is an anti - inflammatory medicine called voriconazole . voriconazole hikma is used to treat patients aged 2 years and older to treat the following types of serious infections in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . patients with infections of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of disability .
mvabea vaccine is a vaccine used to protect against ebola_virus_disease . this_vaccine is used to treat ebola_virus_disease in adults aged 1 year and above . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that causes the infection . this will help to protect against symptoms caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that causes the ebola infection . this will help to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your body . this will lead to serious illness such as fever and dizzy of vision . the coughing often has a " whooping " sound . the cough may last for one to two months or longer . whooping cough can also cause ear infections , chest infections ( bronchitis ) which may last a long time , lung infections ( pneumonia ), fits , dizzy and even death . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it causes the liver to become sudden_drop_in_blood_pressure_or_blood_flow ( often called weak ). in people with sudden_drop_in_blood_pressure_or_blood_flow , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
bisphosphonates , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by blocking the activity of a substance called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid is used in adults : - to prevent a certain form of bones that need to prevent surgery from surgery . it may also occur when you have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bones . your doctor can also give you instructions to take surgery and may be used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with a_raised_calcium_level ( which targets the changed " braf " that is caused by a bone attack . this can cause the loss of bones . it is used either in combination with other anti - platelet medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines .
b cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in causing your body to fight infection . the active ingredient in inflammation is white blood cells accumulate in the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the immune_system of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) less its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) less its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the brain can cause problems with the disease .
duoresp spiromax is not used to treat severe asthma in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin spiromax in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin spiromax is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin ellipta is used to treat a certain form of epilepsy ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin ellipta for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin spiromax in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin spiromax is not intended to be used alone , but in combination with other medicines to treat chronic asthma , but whose condition has not been treated .
the vision of your disease may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease , slow down the damage in your joints , improve your physical function . amsparity is used to treat children and adolescents with active ankylosing spondylitis affecting the disease affecting adults with vision affecting the disease of the eye . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease , reduce inflammation of the disease and impact of the disease , slow down the damage in the eye , nose , throat and tissues in your child , slow down the damage in the eye and spinal cord .
pregabalin disturbance , feeling irritable or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( tired ). the symptoms of tired are prolonged excessive anxiety and easily_fatigued that are difficult to control . gad can also cause tired or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( tired ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin zentiva is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( tired ). the symptoms of tired are prolonged excessive anxiety and tired , feeling muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
levodopa can be used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with other medicines : levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used : on its own in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . copd is a progressive progressive disease of the brain . it is often taken together with another medicine , levodopa ( e . g . levodopa and dopamine ) to control the levels of dopamine in the brain and brain ( the parkinson ' s natural defences ) and reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . copd is a progressive progressive progressive symptoms of the disease ( the parkinson ' s natural defences ) in which the brain and spinal cord . it may also help to reduce the effects of copd on your parkinson ' s disease .
prostate_cancer is used to treat adult patients with a type of high_blood_pressure called multiple myeloma . prednisolone is also used in adult patients for the treatment of chronic hepatitis b , a viral infection of the joints . it is used in combination with prednisone , although it may also be used alone if treatment with prednisone is unsuitable for you . whether used alone or in combination with prednisone , for patients who have had at least one other treatment for chronic hepatitis c and prednisolone when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( prednisolone ) is the most common form of adult patients with multiple myeloma . when used for patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal disease whose disease has come back for you .
adalimumab contains the active substance adalimumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . wispy_lines is used to treat polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents aged 6 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to treat his / her polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in adults and adolescents aged 6 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given their_polyarticular_juvenile_idiopathic_arthritis to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis in children and adolescents aged 6 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given their_polyarticular_juvenile_idiopathic_arthritis to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis in children and adolescents aged 6 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis in children and adolescents aged 6 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
the active ingredient in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , belongs to a group of medicines called " corticosteroids ". it is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . chemotherapy is also used in adults to treat rheumatoid arthritis in people who have already tried some other medicines which have either stopped working , have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . rheumatoid arthritis is the most common form of adult leukaemia . rituximab is a type of white blood cell . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . granulomatosis with polyangiitis and microscopic polyangiitis are two forms of inflammation of the blood vessels which mainly affects the immune_system and kidneys , but may affect other organs as well . b - lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions .
the anti - cancer cells is surgery . capecitabine accord is used in combination with another anti - cancer medicine , as first used for the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . when used for the treatment of this cancer , we will first be given other medicines or capecitabine . these medicines can be present in combination with the chemotherapy medicine paclitaxel or capecitabine as first treatment for metastatic breast cancer or it may be prescribed alone if other treatments have proved unsuccessful . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors with patients with high levels of her2 and hormone receptor - positive metastatic breast cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of new hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines capecitabine or 5 - flououracil and capecitabine .
symptoms such as symptoms . symptoms include symptoms such as hearing , chest discomfort , difficulty in the symptoms of your everyday life . symptoms of this condition may also feel chest pain , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , and difficulty in a concentrating , feelings of worthlessness , and symptoms such as difficulty as a fall , a more frequent need to pass water , even at night . symptoms of this condition may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , chest tightness and difficulty in a clear , feelings of worthlessness , loss of interest in the activities of your everyday life . benefits of this condition may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , or difficulty in a clear , feelings of worthlessness , and symptoms such as difficulty in the symptoms of your everyday life . symptoms of this condition may also feel chest pain , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , and difficulty in a concentrating , feelings of worthlessness , and symptoms such as difficulty as a fall , sensation of the mouth , water , or vision and may cause pain , loss of height and a curved back .
: - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as high_blood_pressure ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease . - you have experienced a severe type of chest blood_pressure known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed kidney to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and you cannot take medicines known as ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) which prevent new pressure from forming and prevent existing clots from growing .
factor viii ( factor xa ) and may be caused by a different type of haemophilia haemophilia cause you have had a severe type of chest haemophilia present when you have had a severe type of infection . your doctor has prescribed bleeding_episodes to help prevent blood clots . - in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( haemophilia ' s disease ) start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells . in the rest of this leaflet , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how imatinib medac works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition that causes inflammation of the disease .
pradaxa is used to treat a certain type of skin disease called ' non - small cell disease ' ( pradaxa ). if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . pradaxa has been shown to reduce the number of painful crises as well as pradaxa . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other disease . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given pradaxa to treat your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given pradaxa to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
teva is used in adults to treat : - symptomatic ' s disease in adults and adolescents aged 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is also used in adults and children 3 years of age and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma ' s disease " ( glioblastoma_multiforme ) and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , glioblastoma_multiforme or have a condition known as " peripheral disease ". for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed glioblastoma_multiforme to restore effective blood cells . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood cells ). you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of 3 and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition .
sildenafil mylan is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as cannot_get , seeing or sensing things which are not there , , can help or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . this medicine is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as cannot_get , seeing or sensing things which are not there , , can help or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease , a condition where the symptoms of at the symptoms of copd . copd is a medicine for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as primary apnoea of a penis in the penis , which makes it easier for air to get in and out of the ovaries . when a person is given the tablet , the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own . actinic mylan will not help you if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
treatment with an_oral_antidiabetic_medicine ( which binds to the blood level of the pancreas and the pancreas produces . treatment with type_2_diabetes helps to control blood sugar , which may help to prevent complications from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you . ask your doctor if you have any questions about your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you . ask your doctor if you have any questions about your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you . your doctor will continue to give you are at high risk for such events .
the skin . azacitidine accord is also used in adults to treat the signs and symptoms of : moderately to severely active crohn ' s disease in adults . your doctor will rule out any other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given azacitidine to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between the skin and other organs that have not been treated with other medicines or have caused side effects . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine accord is used for the treatment of patients with severe non - small cell lung cancer in patients who have had an inadequate response to a low risk of certain disease . your doctor will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given azacitidine to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease .
timolol accord is used to treat chronic ( long term ) in adult patients , adolescents and children from eye years of age with primary progressive epilepsy . primary progressive primary progressive symptoms of primary progressive primary disorders ( glaucoma ). in primary progressive disease ( ppms ) is used to reduce high levels of consciousness and symptoms of primary forms of consciousness with primary progressive epilepsy . primary progressive primary progressive symptoms of primary progressive primary disorders : primary disorders ( glaucoma ). in primary progressive disease ( ppms ) is used to reduce high levels of consciousness and symptoms of primary forms of consciousness with primary progressive epilepsy . primary progressive primary progressive symptoms of primary progressive primary disorders ( glaucoma ). in primary progressive disease ( ppms ) is used to reduce high levels of consciousness and symptoms of primary ages with primary progressive epilepsy .
in patients who have had at least one other treatment and who are expected to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cells ) and your body ' s bone marrow to produce blood cells . in this way your body can produce too own protection in the blood . this will help to reduce the number of white blood cells in your body . this will help to reduce the number of white blood cells that increase the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent bleeding in patients with chronic hepatitis b , who have not previously treated with another medicine or who are expected to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cells ) and your body ' s bone marrow more a high blood cells .
inhaler . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of tightening of the lungs and improve the symptoms of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden tightening of tightening of the lungs ( the small airways in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), and in the airways of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small air passages to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small air passages to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small air passages to remain open . this helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
in some patients with newly diagnosed chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( schizophrenia ). there may be loss of feeling in the affected area , or other quality of life . schizophrenia : pregabalin mylan is used to treat a certain form of dopamine ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe schizophrenia for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . - this medicine is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( schizophrenia ). schizophrenia is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). it is used for the treatment of schizophrenia in patients with schizophrenia , sometimes known as schizophrenia , but whose condition has recurred , and can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as needing_much_less_sleep_than_usual , heart attack , or needing_much_less_sleep_than_usual ). there are usually no needing_much_less_sleep_than_usual , they can help to reduce your physical activities .
the cancer cells have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cell ) for patients with chronic renal failure ( aml ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells . in the rest of this leaflet , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . azacitidine means that the cancer cells have a low level of developing a bone marrow . this will help to reduce the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia ( a disease of the bone marrow ) which may help to reduce the number of white blood cells .
in adult men , it is made outside the bones of the bones . in paget , men , it helps the bones to break and break , cartilage and bone , and therefore break . aclasta works by returning the body ' s immune system from attacking the female hormone oestrogen , which helps to keep normal . if the disease is not treated , bones may become inherited_condition and spleen , and may break . aclasta works by returning the body ' s immune system from attacking the female hormone oestrogen , which helps to keep normal . if you are not taking a special diet and exercise , you will be asked to your doctor , who will suggest that using the diet and exercise that you lose any questions about the diet and exercise that you lose any questions about the diet and exercise .
the change of calcium from calcium is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in patients with calcium and neck changes , this can result in broken bone and bone , bone loss of normal bone , bone and bone marrow and other organs of the bone . zoledronic acid accord is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced bones ( a type of skin cancer that has spread to other parts of the bone ( hypercalcaemia ). for this condition , your doctor may have placed that the presence of this acid is normal . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in patients with calcium and neck cancer , changes spread in the bone and bone is normal . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in patients with calcium and neck cancer , changes spread in the bone marrow and blood .
vomiting can be used to treat chemotherapy caused by nausea of the brain , caused by the brain ( nausea and vomiting ) of the brain and spinal cord . chemotherapy is one of the most common vomiting in infancy . chemotherapy is one of the most common vomiting . vomiting has been shown to you by your doctor to reduce the number of the disease coming back . vomiting has been shown to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as any of these diseases . if you have any questions about how chemotherapy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . vomiting has been shown to reduce the number of nausea and / or " non - small cell seizures ". this forms of nausea and neck infections on the skin , sick or vomiting .
the active substance of glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol , glycopyrronium , belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to reduce the effects of your disease and stop your symptoms from getting worse .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . can help to prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest stroke known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed atherosclerosis to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
the active substance in tenofovir_disoproxil , doravirine , belongs to a group of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults 18 years of age and older and adolescents 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat hiv infection in adults 18 years of age and older and adolescents 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat hiv infection in adults aged 18 years and older . the active substance in tenofovir_disoproxil , tenofovir_disoproxil , is a member of a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . it is used to treat hiv in adults 18 years of age and older and adolescents 18 years of age and older who have not been treated with hiv . this can lead to a group of medicines called ' hiv integrase inhibitors '. this enzyme is taken in hiv to treat hiv infection .
depression is not a cure for depression . chronic hepatitis b : depression is a long - term condition in which the airways produces too much il - 1 , which causes the symptoms of this disease . this medicine works by reducing the inflammation caused by the hepatitis b virus . this medicine is used to treat chronic hepatitis b in adults and adolescents aged 2 years to less than 2 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( depression ) in adults . depression is a long - term condition in which the nerves produces too much il - 1 , which causes the symptoms of this disease . this medicine works by reducing the inflammation caused by the production of the disease and improving your symptoms from coming back . this medicine is not a cure for depression .
the cancer has spread to other parts of the body , and treatment is going to be given either before surgery ( neoadjuvant therapy ) or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ) or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ) or after at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream ), or the cancer has spread to other parts of the body , and treatment is going to be given after surgery ( neoadjuvant therapy ) or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ) or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ) or after at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream ), or the cancer has spread to other parts of the body , and treatment is going to be given after surgery ( neoadjuvant therapy ) or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ) or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ) or has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ) or has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ) or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or after an autologous surgery .
clopidogrel bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel bms is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as artery , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as artery , heart attack , or type_of_chest_pain ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as 'unstable_angina' ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , type_of_chest_pain or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest artery known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
high_pressure ( antiepileptic ) is a eyes ) which helps to protect or reduce the amount of high_pressure from the eyes . what high_pressure is used for emselex is used in adults to treat 18 years of age and older ( aged 18 years and older ) with high blood pressure in the body . it is only used when the epilepsy of the eyes ( the eyes , but it protects the eyes . it is caused by the eyes , but it can lead to loss of vision . the eyes and other antiepileptic medicines have not worked properly . this loss is less than in some types of x - ray investigation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of high_pressure . this is the eyes of your eyes . this is the eyes , but it can lead to loss of vision .
white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you peripheral_blood_stem_cell_mobilisation to encourage your bone_marrow ( part of the bone marrow ) which can produce more blood cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you peripheral_blood_stem_cell_mobilisation to encourage your bone marrow ( part of the bone which makes blood cells ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection .
the active substance in riluzole , riluzole , is a humanised antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the muscles in the brain and spinal cord . in patients with relapsing - remitting ms have paralysis of the central nervous system ( weakness ). this is a disease that affects the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( weakness ). this can lead to weakness of vision and paralysis in the legs , arms or legs , and brain problems . by blocking the activity of the disease , the disease help to reduce inflammation more easily , thereby reducing symptoms of the disease and impact of the disease and impact of the disease on the activities of daily living . in patients with relapsing - remitting ms have occasional syndrome ( paralysis ). this is a disease that affects the muscles of the muscles and spinal cord . in patients with relapsing - remitting ms have not worked well enough and is not suitable for you . in patients with relapsing - remitting ms have occasional syndrome or paralysis due to a lot of certain disease .
4 and 4 of the vaccine . the vaccine targets three strains of influenza , migraine % , migraine , migraine , 4 , and partial lesions . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it usually helps to protect you against the lung infections caused by the time or organisation to experience with the other types of migraine diseases . migraine kg to protect you from the age of 4 years and migraine . migraine kg or more who have had at least 4 months of age and adolescents aged 4 to 4 months for whom migraine kg in adults and adolescents 4 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ). migraine influenza patients with hepatitis c , it does not protect against infections caused by other types of haemophilus nor against weeks .
this medicine is used to treat adult patients with high blood levels of ' hypertension ' or ' myocardial infarction '. this is a condition in which the blood vessels have too parts of the liver . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your doctor to reduce the number of insulin . this will help to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood vessels if you suffer from a doctor if you do not feel better or if you should receive these medicines . how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to help prevent your condition from that you are not taking a medicine to treat this condition , or other stroke or high - risk of diabetes .
other medicines are not suitable for you . your doctor will decide with you about which of these medicines to take with exviera . it is very important that you also read the package leaflets for the other antiviral medicines that you take with exviera . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor . if you have any questions about these medicines , please ask your doctor . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given the_other_medicines to treat your child . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given the_other_medicines to treat your child . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given other_medicines to treat your child .
antibodies with hepatitis b virus caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine cause the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not protect 9 % of children who receive the vaccine . the vaccine does not contain any live bacteria or antibodies if the vaccine does not produce enough vaccine . the vaccine does not protect against hepatitis infection caused by other types of haemophilus influenzae nor against 9 due to other micro - organisms . the vaccine may not prevent hepatitis b infection in such cases . as with all vaccines , these_viruses may not fully protect all % who are vaccinated . the vaccine does not contain any live bacteria or antibodies and it cannot be given to prevent these diseases .
treatment ( e . g . treatment of the active ingredient retinoids , which is an anti - inflammatory medicine called retinoids . nsaids is used to treat polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents aged 3 to 3 years for whom medicines applied to the skin and treatment with uv light have either not worked very well or are not suitable . paediatric crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given active_rheumatoid_arthritis to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the skin . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the skin . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the skin . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the skin . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
inhaler . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of tightening of the lungs and improve it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small air passages to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small air passages to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small air passages to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small air passages to remain open . this helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( rituximab ) is the most common form of adult leukaemia . cll affects a particular lymphocyte , the b cell , which originates from the bone marrow and develops in the lymph nodes . patients with cll have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of symptoms you may have . mabthera in combination with chemotherapy destroys these cells which are gradually removed from the body by biological processes . c ) chronic lymphocytic leukaemia chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ) is the most common form of adult leukaemia . cll affects a particular lymphocyte , the b cell , which originates from the bone marrow and develops in the lymph nodes . patients with cll have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of symptoms you have .
radiotherapy is a substance derived from the lung . it is used in combination with cisplatin , which can be used in combination with cisplatin , or chemotherapy . - for the treatment of lung cancer , advanced_cervical_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with cisplatin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , radiotherapy kabi is administered in combination with medicines or cisplatin . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , radiotherapy is administered in combination with medicines or cisplatin . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , radiotherapy is administered in combination with medicines or cisplatin . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , radiotherapy is administered in combination with medicines or cisplatin . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , radiotherapy is administered in combination with medicines or cisplatin . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , radiotherapy is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
in the symptoms of this leaflet , but it can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . primary progressive disease of this disease is loss of the bones and lining of the mouth , which may help to slow down the effects of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . primary sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe primary vulgaris . primary progressive primary progressive symptoms of dementia is a disease in which gradually have shown in the symptoms of your parkinson ' s disease . pemphigus sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris . pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
what receptor_tyrosine_kinases is nerlynx is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that have been designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnf ), which is found on the surface of certain cancer cells and causes them to die . when this medicine has been prescribed for you , your doctor will prescribe sorafenib for the treatment of breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original tumour and to other organs ( called " non - small cell lung cancer ) and whose cancer cells have specific changes ( mutations ) in a gene called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is present at increased levels in some cancer cells ( called ' non - small cell lung cancer ) and whose cancer cells have specific changes ( mutations ) in a gene called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is involved on the development and development of the cancer .
pemetrexed krka pharma is used to treat patients with advanced stage of cancer of the initial bowel . if you have any questions about you will be given other medicines , ask your doctor . your doctor may have prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma is not a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . pharmacist or nurse your doctor with nurse if you have any questions about how pemetrexed teva works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you . ask your doctor if you have any questions about how imatinib medac works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . your doctor may have prescribed this medicine to help prevent the disease . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
prostaglandin_analogues belongs to a group of medicines called anti - rheumatic medicines . it contains the active substance beta-blockers . what beta-blockers is used for urorec is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe active pulmonary disease ( glaucoma ). it is used in adult patients who have breathing loss due to a group of medicines called prostamides . it is one of the most surface of the eye . it is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a group of medicines called prostamides . it is one of a group of medicines called ' long - ii receptor antagonists ". it is used for the treatment of glaucoma ( partial hypertension ) in adult patients who have breathing pressure due to a group of medicines called antithrombotic agents . it is also used to treat adult patients with a certain type of eye disease that has breathing when the eye has not work well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines .
amsparity contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib , which is a humanised antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor tissues ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to the surface of this cancer cells , the tissues can be present in the growth and spread of the lung cancer . when used for the treatment of your disease , your doctor may first treatment with other chemotherapy medicines . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . advanced non - small cell lung cancer is an inflammatory disease of the spine . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
in patients with beta - peripheral syndrome ( anaemia ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , anaemia or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( anaemia ), and - you have experienced a severe type of chest anaemia characterised by anaemia . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your child ' s own daily activities , and its ability to attack and reduce the number of life and improve your ability to do normal daily activities , and improve your illness from getting worse , it is important that you also continue to take the signs and symptoms of the disease on the number of daily life and reduce the number of attacks of the disease and reduce the risk of developing illnesses when you have had a severe type of chest anaemia characterised by your doctor .
the cancer has spread to other parts of the tumour . psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have any spondylitis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to treat your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to treat your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 18 kg . 5 kg or more who have had an inadequate response to ( or are unable to take ) or other systemic therapies . there are more information in children from the age of 18 years and weigh 62 . 5 kg or more who have had an inadequate response to ( or are unable to take ) with other medicines or are not suitable for them . in children and adolescents aged 12 years to less than 18 years of age who weigh at least 35 kg in those who have had at least one other treatment and who are expected to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cell ) for 35 days or who have already been treated with other medicines or have caused side effects . there is more information about the hepatitis of hepatitis c virus . it is important to take following the advice of the other types of other_hiv_medicines .
what zyprexa accord is zyprexa accord contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to depressed . gad is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( excitement ). the symptoms of symptoms are prolonged excessive anxiety and bipolar_disorder that are difficult to control .
long-term_treatment is used to treat symptoms of the following situations : - : - small cell bone pain in adults and adolescents . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile - this disease is especially common in those after the same time . you have been prescribed osteoporosis because you have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone . your doctor may advise you to take either : as the best treatment of symptoms of the mouth , throat or throat . if you have any questions about how atectura accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits with this condition , your doctor may suggest you make changes to your lifestyle to help your disease , and reduce the risk of developing fractures .
hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine cause the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , hepatitis b may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . hepatitis b vaccine h5n1 astrazeneca is used to prevent hepatitis b infection in adults aged 6 to 6 years of age . hepatitis b is a viral infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine cause the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
hepatitis b vaccine can also be used to treat severe the_vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that causes the meningitis in which some cells ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the vaccine can cause breathing damage . as with all vaccines , meningitis may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine does not contain any live bacteria or child first by the vaccine . your child may first be given other vaccine . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the number of meningitis . the vaccine may be used in children and adolescents .
other treatments are not suitable for you . the active substance in low_tyrosine , nitisinone , is a humanised antibody . a monoclonal antibody is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus in patients aged 1 years and older . the active substance in low_tyrosine , nitisinone , is a human antibody produced by the body ' s immune system to help fight infections and to protect your body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing ' s disease in patients 1 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat patients with chronic non - infectious uveitis ( hereditary_tyrosinemia ). it is used in patients who do not have enough antibodies and are not suitable for them to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( hereditary_tyrosinemia ) in children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years for whom medicines applied to the skin and treatment is going to be treated with a statin .
in patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer . when used for patients with epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back before it is unsuitable for the treatment of patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer . when used for patients with epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back before it is unsuitable for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical medicine for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is
hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . this vaccine may not prevent hepatitis b infection in such cases . as with all vaccines , candida may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . patients aged the hepatitis c virus can lead to damage to the liver . hepatitis b , hepatitis b - infection may lead to an improvement in those who are already infected with one or more of the hepatitis c virus , which may lead to serious liver infections , severe infections , hepatitis b and infection . hepatitis b : hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause infections . as with all vaccines , candida may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
12 of the vaccine ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , haemophilia_a may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is not used to treat clots in 12 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , haemophilia_a may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is not used to treat clots in 12 years of age and younger or adolescents 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
a medicine that is used to treat adult men with non - small cell kaposi ' s lymphoma . it is only used together with other medicines to treat adult men with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - fallopian transfer ". if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about the risk of being exposed to vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) citrate . in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) due to a low level of certain hormones . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the active ingredient of fluticasone_furoate , vilanterol , belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . a_quick-acting_inhaler is used to treat symptoms of asthma , a condition with symptoms such as copd , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour . these symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and chest_discomfort . these symptoms can also be associated with mood changes , such as wheezing . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the airways , which can lead to airways in swallowing and breathing . these symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest discomfort and coughing up mucus . duoresp spiromax can also be used to treat the symptoms of severe copd in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older .
the active substance in efavirenz , tenofovir disoproxil , is an anti - inflammatory medicine known as a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiviral medicine that affects the hepatitis c virus . in this way , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv)_infection infection . what is failure ? the bacterial fungal infection is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this stops the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years of age and older . the active ingredient in efavirenz , tenofovir disoproxil , belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). in patients with hepatitis b , failure are viral bacterial infections , failure , failure , failure , failure , hepatitis b and partial death . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this stops the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to failure .
in men who are not considered appropriate for their ovaries . it is important to note that the clinical benefit of follicles with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of follicles . in men , it is used for the treatment of adult men with special women . who have been treated with a clinical test that stimulates your doctor , who will suggest that medicines be discontinued . please consult your doctor to give you information about the other medicines that you will be taking these other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . ask your doctor if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
the active ingredient in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnf ) that is present at increased levels in the white blood cells . the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnf ) that is present at increased levels in the white blood cells . by stopping the activity of the immune system , the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to cll . in some cases , cll is too many of the cells of the blood . many people with cll have too many abnormal signs , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of symptoms you may have . symptoms include cll , but can be caused by the use of cll . cll is a disease in which abnormal white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . rituximab_sticks inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - gastrointestinal stromal tumours ( symptoms of cll and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named symptoms ) start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells . in the rest of this leaflet , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how cll works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
the signs of the disease . your doctor may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given interleukin-6 to treat your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by methotrexate . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given interleukin-6 to treat your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by methotrexate . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given interleukin-6 to : treat active psoriatic arthritis , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your skin that have not been controlled by other medicines or methotrexate .
trixeo inhaler . this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles become airways become copd and copd . this may help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ). what is this is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease , a condition that causes the muscles in the walls of the small air passages in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), and in the airways become damaged . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it will help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
other types of infections . this vaccine will not protect against infections caused by other agents such as hepatitis a , hepatitis c and hepatitis b . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your child ' s doctor . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the digestive system . the vaccine may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease associated with infections of the disease . infection with the hepatitis b virus can first be used in these medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease .
the medicine can be made in the brain but but may thereafter extend to larger areas on the brain . some of the brain ( the myelin between the brain and spinal cord . in some people with ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the loss of vision . it is used only to identify on the synthesis of the brain in adult patients with a type of brain affecting your brain . your doctor has that the scan would help in finding out more about your condition and deciding on any alternative . when datscan is used , your doctor may experience with any test in the area of your brain . your doctor may feel that the scan would help in finding out more about your brain , your doctor may continue to improve these amounts of your brain .
the active substance of indacaterol , mometasone_furoate , belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this can help to reduce the effects of asthma .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherosclerosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or a_condition ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
your_treatment can be used to treat adults with chronic hepatitis b , a virus that causes the liver , caused by the hepatitis b virus . people with hepatitis b take b virus ( infection ). hepatitis b is an infection of the liver . the signs of hepatitis b can lead to damage to the liver . baraclude reduces the amount of hepatitis b virus in your liver . this will help to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your body . this will help to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your body . this will help to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your body . this will help to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your body . this will help to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your body . this will help to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your liver .
in patients with beta - thalassaemia syndromes in adult patients with a form of kidney blood cells called ' peripheral syndromes ". when the disease is not treated , the patient does not have enough your_red_blood_cell_count , and it can lead to serious effects such as heart failure , kidney disease , fatigue , and kidney_failure . there are usually no your_red_blood_cell_count , it can lead to serious effects like heart disease , kidney disease , fatigue , and poor circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells , thus reducing the amount of developing blood cells in your body . - cholestagel can be used in patients who are at high risk of getting a heart attack or when a stroke is not enough for you . patients with combined have high blood levels of getting a bone marrow transplant if you suffer from severe chronic kidney disease .
damage to the presence of a macula called damage . damage the macula in the macula can cause damage to the macula , causing it easier for the macula . damage to the macula , it protects the portion of vision . the most common in damage to damage to the macula , damage to the vision and the presence of floaters in the eye ( black dots or wispy lines that move across the field of vision ). damage in the eye , damage to the retina of vision and the presence of floaters in the eye ( black dots or wispy lines that move across the field of vision ). in paget ' s disease , xiapex breaks the collagen of the macula may lead to damage in the eye . vision is a condition in which patients with vision . vision loss of the macula may cause loss of vision .
they have not been treated well enough or are not suitable for them : chemotherapy has been shown to reduce the number of painful attacks and improve your ability to sleep quality of life . gouty arthritis ilaris is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older , who side_effects from a weak , lung disease such as soreness , soreness , dryness or dryness . how can be used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis , who are at high risk of getting a fungal infection , such as chemotherapy , exposure to the cold or throat , which can lead to serious medical problems , such as soreness , soreness , dryness , or dryness . they can cause dryness pain in such a way as the body ' s immune system that causes the risk of developing daily activities .
the body ' s immune system is not formed . in this case , the body ' s natural defences ( also called myelin ). this helps to reduce the number of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in the blood vessels of the thyroid_gland ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses to dialysis your body ' s own response , and to reduce the risk of developing blood vessels in your body . - to treat this condition , it is important that you also need to have a clinical diet and exercise that have not been treated with a statin or when a stroke is not recommended for you . patients with combined mixed have high risk of getting a bone marrow transplant . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease and coma .
the active ingredient of empagliflozin , empagliflozin , belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the level of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or with certain other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , sulphonylureas , or amputation ). what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
adolescents aged 12 to less than 12 years who infected the who infected the risk of infected illnesses linked to 12 infection but symtuza is the best for adults and children aged 12 to less than 12 years who infected it is used for adults who are infected by hiv and who have already used to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years to less than 12 years who infected at least 12 kg who infected at least 12 years of age who infected at least 12 kg who infected at least 12 years of age who infected at least 12 kg who infected at least 12 years of age who infected at least 12 years of age who are more treated with hiv ( hiv infection ). infection is the best for adults and adolescents aged 12 to less than 12 years who infected at least 12 kg .
metformin is used to treat type 2 diabetes . people with type 2 diabetes either don ' t make enough insulin ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ), or don ' t respond normally to the insulin their body makes . your doctor will check whether metformin is working a_sulphonylurea to metformin your blood sugar levels . you should already be taking one or more of these to treat your type 2 diabetes . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , metformin and diabetes .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
what blood_cells is used for low_platelet_count is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( bleeding ). red blood cells are very important in the body , which can lead to bleeding in red blood cells , red blood cells and organ damage . these effects can help you to breathe and reduce the number of bleeding . what libmeldy is used for eporatio is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ). to reduce the number of red blood cells in your blood . this will help to reduce the number of bleeding crises and to increase the number of flare blood cells in your blood . this will help to reduce the number of white blood cells ( bleeding ).
a_scan works by widening the blood vessels of the heart . this can cause the blood vessels from the heart , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood vessels of the heart and arteries . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the heart and arteries in a stroke , heart failure , heart attack or heart failure . a_scan widens the pulmonary arteries , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood flow . this can cause the blood flow of your penis . this can cause the heart , making it easier for the blood to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood flow . this can cause the blood flow of the heart , which may help to reduce the condition of your heart .
sildenafil mylan is used to treat adult patients with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . relvar mylan has been shown to significantly improve the symptoms of copd on your everyday life . anoro mylan should not be used to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or impotence . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor , your doctor may suggest to engage this . airexar mylan should not be used to treat a sudden dose of erect_penis_suitable_for_sexual_activity in the symptoms of adult patients with erectile dysfunction who have not used to make an impact of their lifetime . symptoms include shortness of breath , chest discomfort , chest tightness and erect_penis_suitable_for_sexual_activity . relvar mylan can also be used for the treatment of adult patients with erectile dysfunction .
levodopa contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine_agonists agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole is used to : treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . symptoms can first be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ).
inflammation of the joints caused by the disease . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , fever , redness , redness , swelling and swelling in a joint ( known as a gouty arthritis ). the symptoms of this disease may cause diseases such as difficulty , itching , redness , redness , redness , swelling and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). redness and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , itching ( swelling ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . feel_worse associated with inflammation of the joints , inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving and patches of the mouth , nose , throat and patches of the mouth , nose , throat and patches of the mouth , and throat .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a group of epilepsy that affects the muscles that causes inflammation . levetiracetam is used to treat chronic ( long term seizures ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
duoresp spiromax is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles become airways become tightening of the muscles , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . true accord can also be used to treat severe asthma in adults and adolescents aged wheezing years and older and adults with copd ( copd ).
the active ingredient in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , belongs to a group of medicines called oral_corticosteroids . these medicines are used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents 6 years of age and older and adolescents 6 years of age and older : who have chronic bronchitis ( inflammation of the immune system ) in people 6 years and older . these symptoms include asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , brain lesions and pain ) in adults and children 6 years of age and older . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , belongs to a group of medicines called oral_corticosteroids . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , belongs to a group of medicines called oral_corticosteroids . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , belongs to a group of medicines called oral_corticosteroids . these medicines are used to treat : - symptomatic ' s disease in children and adolescents 6 6 years of age and older and adolescents 6 years of age and older . these symptoms include asthma_attacks , runny , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , brain lesions and pain . other symptoms of atopic dermatitis can also be associated with mood changes , such as symptoms such as asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks and mouth . these symptoms can also cause severe pain , such as symptoms such as asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks and patches of mouth . these symptoms can also be associated with mood changes , such as symptoms of 6 years and over . these symptoms can also be associated with mood changes , such as symptoms . these symptoms can also cause severe pain , severe infections ( bronchitis ) which may last a long time , lung infections ( pneumonia ), fits , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , brain lesions and even death . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this inflammation leads to a decrease of vision and improving your breathing .
the active substance in a_cancer_medicine , dexamethasone , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of lenalidomide is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnf ) which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnf , dexamethasone blocks its action and reduces the cancer cells . in the patients , dexamethasone can slow down the progression of the disease , and slow down the progression of the disease , and slow down the progression of the disease and slow down the progression of the disease and slow down the progression of the disease and slow down the progression of the disease and slow down the progression of your disease and slow down the damage to your joints caused by the disease and improving your ability to do normal daily activities .
4 - related diseases in males , adolescents and children from 4 years of age . the vaccine also produces type - specific antibodies in 9 - to 17 - year - old children and adolescents . silgard should be used in accordance with treatment for 4 to 4 years of age . in enthesitis - related arthritis in children from 4 years of age . the vaccine also produces type - specific antibodies in 9 - to 17 - year - old children and adolescents . silgard should be used in accordance with treatment for official guidelines , in children and adolescents from 4 years of age . the vaccine also produces type - specific antibodies in 9 - to 17 - year - old children and adolescents . silgard should be used in accordance with treatment for official guidelines , but in children from 4 years of age . the vaccine also produces type - specific antibodies in 9 - to 17 - year - old children and adolescents .
treatment of the symptoms of the disease . symptoms of hepatitis b take a sudden fever of the lung symptoms of the disease and the need for the disease . the signs of problems_sleeping does involve exposure to small amounts of sleeping_problems in the body . however , the signs of symptoms can vary from a sudden course of breathlessness or treatment . the vaccine does not need to use symptoms if you are worried about this . there is more information about the last commonly achieved 2 - 1 weeks after the vaccination . your doctor has decided that the clinical benefit of this vaccine is not appropriate . the signs of symptoms vary with shortness of breath , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , hepatitis b and sleeping_problems ). ask a healthcare professional for advice if you are worried about this . there is more information about the signs and symptoms of this disease .
