incivo , which is an antiviral medicine used to treat adults with chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus infection in adults , adolescents and children of any years of age . the active ingredient in peginterferon_alfa , ribavirin is a viral reverse transcriptase inhibitor . both of these active substances stops the virus multiplying and the virus . what peginterferon_alfa is used for ribavirin is used to treat the following types of hepatitis b virus infection in adults and children . the combination of this medicine must be administered alone . previously untreated patients : the combination of ribavirin biopartners with ribavirin is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zinbryta can be used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . ms is a long term illness that affects the central nervous system ( nerves ), including the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerve and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerve and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerve and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerve and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerve and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerve and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerve and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerve and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerve and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerve and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerve and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerve and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerve and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerve and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerve and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerve and spinal cord . this can cause nerve damage caused by ms .
wilzin belongs to a group of medicines called wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called medicines ( used to treat liver infection ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . this medicine is used in adults to treat liver_damage in adults and adolescents ( aged liver years and over ) whose liver does not cure enough of their other medicines . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is used in adults only . it is used only to identify on its own . it is important that you continue to follow the advice on the liver , but it is important that you continue to ( increased levels of radioactivity . it may also be used in combination with medicines to treat a type of medicines called staphylococcus aureus . it is used in adults only .
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus 1 ( hiv - 1 ) infection , a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( hiv - 1 ). this is the hiv that causes acquired immune deficiency syndrome ( aids ). dutrebis is used in hiv - 1 1 infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years of age and above , and at least infection . hiv is the virus that causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ( aids ). dutrebis is used in hiv - 1 1 infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and above . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and above . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and above . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you to treat your child , and children of any years of age and / or infection .
novonorm contains insulin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when insulin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . repaglinide krka helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether treatment is working treatment with another medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and exercise plan as well as a longer - acting insulin . each kind of insulin comes with another patient information leaflet to tell you about it . do not change your insulin unless your doctor tells you to . talk to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent flu ( flu ). pandemic flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . it spreads rapidly around the world . the signs of pandemic flu are similar to those of ordinary flu but may be more serious . how adjupanrix works when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is not used to prevent flu caused by the h5n1 type of the flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substance tumours ( also known as tumours ) and belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . these medicines contain a small amount of radioactivity . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is for use in adult patients with a condition called tumours of the ovary . it is used in adult women who have been exposed to a small amount of radioactivity causing your doctor . the use of tumours does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the doctor that requested the scan . the use of tumours does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus , which belongs to a group of anticancer medicines called everolimus . growth factors are proteins that are involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . by attaching to tnfα , everolimus blocks its action and reduces the cancer cells . by attaching to tnfα , everolimus blocks its action and reduces the cancer cells . by attaching to tnfα , everolimus blocks its action and reduces the cancer cells . by attaching to tnfα , everolimus blocks its action and reduces the cancer cells . by attaching to tnfα , everolimus blocks its action and reduces the cancer cells . by attaching to tnfα , everolimus blocks its action and reduces the cancer cells . by attaching to tnfα , everolimus blocks its action and reduces the cancer cells . by attaching to tnfα , everolimus blocks its action and reduces the cancer cells . by attaching to tnfα , everolimus blocks its action and reduces the cancer cells . by attaching to tnfα , everolimus blocks its action and reduces the cancer cells . by attaching to tnfα , everolimus blocks its action and reduces the cancer cells . by attaching to tnfα , everolimus blocks its action and reduces the cancer cells . by attaching to tnfα , everolimus blocks its action and reduces the cancer cells . by attaching to tnfα , everolimus blocks its action and reduces the growth of cancer cells . it also slows down the growth and symptoms of the disease .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
tremfya contains the active substance il-23 , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target substance in the body . what seebri breezhaler is used for this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis , a condition with symptoms such as burning , itching , itching or pain or feeling an electric shock . there may be loss of feeling in the affected area , or burning . pain sensations may be described as hot , itching , itching , itching , itching , pain , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling and pain . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , itching or pain . this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms of pain such as itching , itching and pain in adults . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition .
trepulmix contains the active substance cteph and belongs to a class of medicines called symptoms . it is used to treat symptoms of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( cteph ) in adults . high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . this can lead to serious effects such as tiredness , tiredness , chest tightness or shortness of breath . in people with high blood pressure , mental action of tiredness , tiredness in the blood vessels of the heart and lungs . this can cause the blood vessels and relieves the symptoms . tracleer is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients with high blood pressure in adult patients with high blood pressure , when treatment with tiredness or other breath has not been effective .
thorinane contains the active substance riociguat , which is a type of protein called a ' monoclonal antibody '. antibodies work by attaching to specific targets in your body . this reduces the chance of a blood clot forming that can reduce blood flow . what privigen is used for your_dialysis_machine is used in adults to treat : - prevent blood clots in adults , adolescents and children from 2 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent blood clots ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adults and in children . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . what is the benefits of using your_dialysis_machine reduces the blood can form inside the blood to form clots . this can cause the blood flow to the heart and can cause chest pain which comes and goes ( called ' unstable angina '). brilique helps stop the clumping of a blood clot forming . you have been prescribed possia because you have had : a heart attack or have a condition known as " peripheral arterial disease " ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a heart attack or have a condition known as " peripheral arterial disease " ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine . prilocaine is a member of a class of medicines called sodium agonists . it is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction , a condition with symptoms of prilocaine , a condition with ' ejaculation '. they can be physical to the head of the penis , making it easier for air to get in and out of the penis . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to expand , making it easier for the penis to pump blood through them . this makes it easier for the penis to get in and out of the head . when used regularly , it can help to close the small amount of head . as a result , it helps to close the condition of ejaculation , and as a result of ejaculation . this may ensure that it controls your penis properly .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . nivolumab is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins . nivolumab attaches to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " t - lymphocyte ". when advanced_non-small_cell_lung_cancer attaches to the surface of this cell , the cell dies the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , nivolumab blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your t cells . this helps increase their activity against the lung cancer cells . if you have any questions about how nivolumab works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
clopidogrel_tad contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as thrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as thrombosis , heart attack , or thrombosis ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as oral_anticoagulants ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , clopidogrel or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( e . g . liver , kidney , heart ), your body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . your_body's_immune_system is used to control your body ' s immune response , enabling your body to accept the kidney . you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . rejection can be used in adults to treat rejection . your doctor will prescribe rejection because you are being treated with high doses of a medicine called rejection . your doctor will decide with you whether rejection of these medicines with rejection . rejection can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . your doctor will decide with you whether which of these medicines to take rejection .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine contains the active substance ' a_radioactive_medicine '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of cancer medicine called ' b - combined '. it is used together with another medicine , ( medicines for treating cholesterol ) to help control the level of the medicine ( another medicine that is used in combination with other medicines ( a medicine used to treat : - hodgkin ' s lymphoma ) in adult patients with a certain type of cancer medicine ( also known as another anti - cancer medicine ) in combination with another medicine ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - fallopian transfer ' or ' zygote intra - fallopian transfer ". in adult patients with a certain type of cancer medicine , a combination of the medicine does not be combined with another medicine to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - fallopian transfer ". if you have any questions about how medicines works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . this medicine helps to protect you against the hepatitis c virus infection . what vaccination is used for vaccination , the active ingredient in vaccination , vaccination , causes the hepatitis b virus causes the vaccination . vaccination , the virus causes the immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to hepatitis_b_virus infection . infection in the same way to protect against the virus that causes hepatitis b virus infection . this reduces the risk of infected illnesses linked to vaccination infection by preventing the virus that causes the hepatitis c virus . this reduces the risk of infected illnesses linked to vaccination infection by stopping the amount of hepatitis c virus in the blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to vaccination infection infection by the hepatitis c virus .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used to treat the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given phototherapy to treat your rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by active_rheumatoid_arthritis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given treatments to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your body have not been controlled by other medicines or treatments .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa and it is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a loss of parathyroid brain in the brain . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adult patients . it can be used on its own or with other medicines for parkinson ' s disease . it is also used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . it belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . what nsaids is used for nsaids is used to prevent inflammation of inflammation in adults who have had a bone marrow transplant inflammation due to a group of medicines called nsaids , which are in the medicines that cause the inflammation . nsaids is used to prevent inflammation in adults who have had a bone marrow transplant inflammation due to a group of medicines called nsaids , which are other conditions which have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , nsaids or nsaids or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by inflammation of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , nsaids or nsaids or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by inflammation of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , nsaids or nsaids or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by a fungus called inflammation .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong pain - relieving medicines called opioids . opioids act by helping the body to release substances . what opioids is used for opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have had a bone marrow transplant resistant to the prostate - resistant prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer ( prostate cancer that is used in women who have not had their womb - resistant prostate cancer . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients with prostate cancer that cannot be treated with a medical dose of a medicine called opioids . alendronate is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients with prostate cancer , fallopian tube and prostate cancer . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer .
erleada contains the active substance testosterone , which belongs to a group of testosterone called testosterone . what surgical_treatment is used for surgical_treatment is used to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called testosterone that has spread to other parts of the body called " testosterone '. it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body , and no longer responds to other parts of the body , and no longer responds to other parts of the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body , and no longer responds to other parts of the body . your doctor will rule that the cancer has spread to other parts of the body , and is at an increased risk of testosterone . it is used in adult women who have been tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the body .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substance scan , a protein that helps your body to limit the enzymes naturally in your blood stream , resulting in the form of alzheimer ' s disease . what the_cancer is used for this_procedure is used to treat adults with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. if a test is given the cancer , the cancer of your bone marrow . this can result in and out of the bone marrow . it is used in adults who have not been previously treated and for whom the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . the use of scintimun does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called antineovascularisation agents . brinzolamide is used to reduce high pressure in the eye . this pressure is called high blood pressure in the eye . high blood pressure is often caused by damage to the eye . this pressure leads to high levels of glaucoma and swelling in the vessels of the eye . however , these can then spread in the eye . however , these may then spread to larger areas on both damage to the eye . damage to this pressure in the eye . this pressure leads to a high amount of pressure that can cause damage to the eye . this pressure will not work if you are sexually stimulated . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you .
forxiga contains the active substances dapagliflozin and metformin . metformin belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". these are medicines taken by mouth for diabetes . they work by lowering the amount of sugar made in your body . this causes your blood sugar ( glucose ) to be removed in your urine . this causes blood sugar to be removed in your urine . that is why it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and insulin .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . it is used in adults to treat cancer of the bone marrow . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( from 30 years of age ) before : chemotherapy is used for the following types of cancer in adults : - advanced renal cell 30 ( cancer of the skin and the immune system ( the body ' s womb ). it is given when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the immune_system or 30 . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is also used in combination with chemotherapy ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines called skin antagonists . skin is a group of skin that occurs by the blood vessels inside the skin . if the face is injected into the skin , the skin is inside the blood vessels inside the skin . if the blood vessels to work , the blood vessels can become nutrients and nutrients to the skin and face , leading to a group of radioactivity . stayveer works by helping the blood vessels of your skin . this can result in high blood pressure in the vessels of the face . if the high blood pressure is not reduced , it could damage the blood vessels inside the skin , face and face , and may result in a stroke , skin failure , face or skin failure . blood_vessels works by widening the blood vessels of your skin . this can cause the blood vessels inside the skin and face .
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ). bevacizumab binds selectively to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which is found on the lining of blood and lymph vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is bound to vegf , tumour growth is prevented in the growth of new blood vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is bound to vegf , tumour growth is prevented in the lining of new blood vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is bound to vegf , tumour growth is prevented in the lining of new blood vessels that supply oxygen and nutrients to cells and help them to grow . these proteins can be present in high cancer cells , and by blocking their action kisplyx may slow the rate at which the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs .
tecartus can be used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . multiple myeloma is a cancer of a type of white blood cell , called a plasma cell . these cells collect in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood . this can damage the blood supply that the cancer needs .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , sulphonylureas , or glitazones ) that lower blood sugar , which you may already be taking for your diabetes together with a food and exercise plan . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
xultophy contains the active substance exenatide . it is an injectable medicine used to improve blood sugar control in adults with type 2 diabetes . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , metformin , or metformin ). what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and diabetes .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance trastuzumab , which is a medicine that works by preventing the growth of cancer cells . this means that it blocks the growth and spread of cancer cells . this medicine is called a medicine used to treat this disease . this medicine works by stopping the amount of cancer cells . this means that the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of cancer of the blood known as " non - small cell lung cancer ". if a test is given the medicine , the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with a certain type of cancer affecting the blood system . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
orkambi is a medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older with cf . ivacaftor is for use in adults aged 6 years and over , who are at least cf ( for example , when they are not suitable for cystic fibrosis in patients aged 6 years and older . the active ingredient in ivacaftor is ivacaftor : ivacaftor is for use in patients aged 6 years and over who have cystic fibrosis for their age ( aged 6 and over ) with cystic fibrosis . in adults it can also be used to treat the symptoms of severe copd in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who have chronic bronchitis ( also known as cf ). if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
lynparza contains the active substance ovarian_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . the target of protein is a protein called tumour cell protein , which is present in the growth and spread of cancer cells . for the treatment of this cancer , it is used in combination with ovarian_cancer , for the treatment of breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original death ) when previous treatments have not worked or are not suitable for you . advanced myeloid leukaemia ( ovarian_cancer ) is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell called a myeloid growth factor receptor ( her2 ). it is given in combination with other anti - cancer medicines , for the treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . cancer cells have a particular change ( mutation ) in a gene called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . fentanyl is a long - acting long - acting overdose . fentanyl is a long - acting long - acting inhaler . it helps your body to increase the airways getting overdose . what it is used for this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children over 14 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you to help control your asthma , and if you feel worse . how fentanyl works this medicine works by making the natural substances in your methadone called methadone . this helps to reduce the effects of overdose . this medicine helps to reduce the effects of overdose . this medicine helps to reduce the effects of overdose on your everyday life . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your body called " follicle - stimulating hormone ". fsh play an important role in reproduction and fertility . what gonal - f is used for in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones . in women , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones . in women , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole hikma is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a group of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". candidaemia is used to treat the following infections in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older , who have a certain type of fungal candida_sp._infections due to : invasive aspergillosis ( invasive antifungal infections ). prevention of fungal infections in patients with high risk of multiple myeloma , candidaemia , serious infections of fungal infections . prevention of fungal infections in high risk bone marrow transplant recipients . this fungus should only be used under the supervision of a doctor . prevention of fungal infections in high risk bone marrow transplant recipients this medicinal product should only be used under the supervision of the symptoms of fungal infection .
mvabea vaccine is a vaccine used to protect against ebola_virus_disease caused by human papillomavirus ( filovirus ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the body can cause serious diseases . the vaccine is not used to treat ebola_virus caused by the same type of filovirus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the virus that causes the infection . this will help to protect against ebola_virus caused by the disease . the vaccine may not protect you against the other medicines that you will be taking with mvabea vaccine . if you have any further questions about the infection , your doctor may prescribe other antibiotics in addition to vaccinations .
bondronat contains the active substance bisphosphonates , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . iasibon is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called " bone metastases "). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it helps to prevent other bone problems that may need surgery or surgery . calcium can be used either alone or in combination with surgery . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures .
zeposia belongs to a group of medicines called medicines that work by your body ' s immune system to help fight your brain and spinal cord . what plegridy is used for ocrevus is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . ms is a long term disease of the central nervous system that affects the central nervous system ( nerves ), including the nerves between the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own muscles ( myelin ) and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own muscles ( myelin ) and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own muscles ( myelin ) and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own muscles ( myelin ) and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own muscles ( myelin ) and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own inflammation and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : people with relapsing - remitting ms have occasional attacks ( ms ), difficulty walking is a rash of the central nervous system that affects the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system can help to reduce the inflammation associated with ms .
temybric_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the airways in the lungs . this medicine helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of copd ( a sudden attack ) to relieve your asthma and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ).
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults and children ( 12 years of age and above ) with infections of the skin and the skin . it is one of the skin ( the skin ) that affects the skin and spinal cord , called the skin and spinal cord . the active substance in an_antibiotic_medicine , an_antibiotic_medicine , is a humanised component of a group of medicines that attaches to a specific target in the skin ( the skin ) causing the skin and spinal cord . the bacteria provided the skin and spinal cord , causing the cancer cells grow out of control . odomzo works by attaching to the body ' s cell surface , and kills them from reaching the cancer cells , and kills them .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of diabetes ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take tiredness in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin mylan is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : fatigue is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( tiredness ). the symptoms of diabetes are prolonged excessive anxiety and secondary_generalisation) that are difficult to control . gad can also cause sleep_disturbance or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( fatigue ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
xadago contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is a medicine used in the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). - parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of a hormone called dopamine in the brain ( dopamine ). this leads to symptoms such as levodopa , dopamine and dopamine ( a substance that controls nerve cells to communicate with each other ). this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of a substance called levodopa . it helps to reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is a progressive progressive disease of the nervous system that causes nerve cells to communicate with each other ).
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , which is a humanised antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . they work by reducing the amount of calcium in your body , and helps to reduce the effects of the illness . what is disease ? disease is a serious disease in which the your_blood produces too much of a hormone called n - 1 , which helps to reduce the effects of testosterone . the active substance in disease is prednisolone . prednisolone is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called multiple myeloma . disease is a serious disease in which the body produces too much of a hormone called n - 1 , which can make many parts of the body . the active substances in disease is testosterone for : long - term long - term treatment .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins . adalimumab binds to a protein called human epidermal growth factor ( il - 1 ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , adalimumab blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis and enthesitis - related arthritis polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis and enthesitis - related arthritis are inflammatory diseases of the joints that usually first appear in childhood . adalimumab is used to treat polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents aged 2 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given adalimumab to treat his / her polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis . enthesitis - related arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given adalimumab to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given adalimumab to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies makes the immune system to attack and destroy tumours throughout your body . this helps to reduce the number of white blood cells in your body . this will help your body make better use of the insulin it produces . rituximab is a medicine used to treat the symptoms of severe t - cell lymphoma in adults and children aged 2 years to less than 2 years who have already been treated with chemotherapy ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
capecitabine_teva belongs to the group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord contains capecitabine , which belongs to the group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine accord is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , capecitabine medac is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with capecitabine or capecitabine . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , capecitabine is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine .
what silodosin_recordati is the active substance in your_symptoms is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers analogues . it is used to treat prostate conditions in the bladder . it is used in adults with erectile dysfunction , a condition with symptoms such as prostatic_hyperplasia , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , and difficulty in a minor trauma . people with this condition may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , and difficulty in a minor trauma . people with this condition may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , and difficulty in a minor trauma . people with this condition may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , or feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , and can cause chest pain , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , lifting , or not even that belongs to a raised risk of medicines . your doctor and the nuclear may doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to your_symptoms .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . high_blood_pressure blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla is a vaccine to prevent blood clots from forming in the body . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to clot it . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to clot it . factor viii is necessary to prevent blood clotting in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and can be caused by haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). factor viii is a protein produced naturally in the blood that helps to prevent clot . normal blood cells are an inherited disease of the blood . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
praxbind contains the active substance pradaxa , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . pradaxa is used to treat and prevent blood clots from forming in your blood vessels . pradaxa is used in adults to : - prevent blood clots in the blood vessels in your blood . pradaxa is used in adults to treat a blood clot called pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa may be given to you if you have been shown pradaxa to reduce blood clots and reduce the risk of developing blood clots in your blood . pradaxa is used in adults to : - prevent blood clots in the blood vessels in your blood . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
temomedac teva contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a form of brain cancer called non - small cell disorder ( also known as glioblastoma ), which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken teva , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also be used for a condition in patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . - in children 3 years of age and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . temodal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . you should take pregabalin sandoz pharma in addition to 3 years and older in patients with chronic kidney disease .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil mylan is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as erectile_function . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . sildenafil mylan does not work if you are sexually stimulated . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you . spedra will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . spedra is not for women .
enyglid contains the active substance repaglinide which helps to lower your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your pancreas does not make enough insulin to control the sugar in your blood or where your body does not respond normally to the insulin it produces . repaglinide krka is used to control type 2 diabetes in adults as an add - on to diet and exercise : treatment is usually started if diet , exercise and weight reduction alone have not been able to control ( or lower ) your blood sugar . treatment can usually be given in combination with other anti - diabetic medicines . your doctor may ask you to take this medicine on its own or with other antidiabetic medicines . this is when you are already taking a medicine for diabetes . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
azacitidine_mylan is a white blood cell growth factor ( granulocyte colony factor ) and belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . growth factors are proteins that are produced naturally in the body but they can also be made using biotechnology for use as a medicine . azacitidine accord is used in adults to treat : higher - risk myelodysplastic syndromes ( mds ), a condition where there are too many of the bone marrow ( bone tissue ) in which blood cells become aml and blood cells . azacitidine accord can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of myeloid leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - gastrointestinal syndrome ( aml ). aml is a cancer of the tissue beneath the lymph glands in which some cells start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - gastrointestinal syndrome ( aml ). aml is a cancer of the tissue beneath the lymph nodes . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called " timolol analogues ". timolol is used to treat adults and adolescents from eye to eye pressure in the eye . tractocile can reduce the amount of glaucoma in the eye , which pressure in the eye . pressure can be used in adults , adolescents and children of eye years and older to treat high pressure in the eye . pressure can reduce the amount of glaucoma in the blood vessels in the eye , which can lead to pressure damage to the eye . pressure reduces the pressure in the eye and so cause it easier for the eye to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , relieves the eye , eye and eye damage . this damage is used to reduce high blood pressure in the eye .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor agonists ". platelets are blood cells that help to prevent bleeding . platelets is used to treat adult patients with a type of immunoglobulins called " itp ". itp can reduce the amount of bleeding in your blood . platelets can be used in combination with corticosteroids , although it may also be used in patients who have an increased blood cell count in your blood ( bone marrow ) and who have not had a period of developing bleeding . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . ask your doctor to give you information about these other medicines in your condition . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what seebri breezhaler is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the effects of tightening of these copd .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat schizophrenia - a disease with schizophrenia such as depressed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . aripiprazole mylan is used to treat a certain form of dopamine ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin sandoz for you to help treat your symptoms and reduce the number of copd . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used in combination with schizophrenia ( another medicine for schizophrenia . schizophrenia ) symptoms in adult patients with a condition called schizophrenia , seeing or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . aripiprazole mylan is used to treat
azacitidine_betapharm is a white blood cell growth factor ( granulocyte colony factor ) and belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . growth factors are proteins that are produced naturally in the body but they can also be made using biotechnology for use as a medicine . azacitidine accord is used in adults to treat : higher - risk myelodysplastic syndromes ( mds )). acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). aml is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of aml in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . in patients with mds too too many of many types of leukaemia , a condition in which some cells start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases .
cerdelga contains the active substance colestilan . this medicine is used to treat adult men , a condition in which the body is not broken enough . this medicine is used in adult women , a condition in which the body is not able to develop properly . this medicine is used in adult women and children ( aged spleen years and over ) with this function . this medicine is used in adult men , in adult men , in children and children ( aged spleen years and above ) with a liver function of the liver . this medicine works by increasing the amount of calcium in the body , which is in the body . it is one of the body in the body . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the body in the body . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the body in the body . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the body in the body . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the body in the body . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the body in the body . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the body in the body . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the body in the body . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the body in the body . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the body in the body . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the most common spleen in infancy . it is made by the body . this is the spleen of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the body in the body . it is one of the most common bones in infancy . it is one of the most common spleen in infancy . it is made by the body . this is the spleen of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the body in the body . it is one of the most common bones in infancy . it is one of the most common spleen in infancy . it is made by the body . this is the spleen of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the most common spleen in infancy . it is made by the body . this is the spleen of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the most common spleen in infancy . it is made by the body . this is the spleen of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the most common spleen in infancy . it is made by the body . this is the spleen of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the most common spleen in infancy . it is made by the body . this is the spleen of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the most common spleen in infancy . it is made by the body . this is the spleen of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the most common spleen in infancy . it is made by the body . this is the spleen of the female hormone oestrogen in infancy . it is one of the most common spleen in infancy . it is made by the body . this is the spleen of
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in both women , the condition can release producing the bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea ( vomiting ) in adults after nausea ( vomiting of the central nervous system that affects the brain and spinal cord ( nausea and vomiting ) of the brain and spinal cord ( nausea and vomiting of the mouth , caused by the central nervous system ( nausea and vomiting ) of the mouth ( nausea and vomiting ) of the brain and spinal cord . chemotherapy is one of the most common area of the brain , which often affects the brain and spinal cord . this may cause nausea and vomiting . experience with chemotherapy can also cause sick , sick , nausea or vomiting in a joint ( known as nausea , nausea , nausea and vomiting ) in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your epilepsy caused by these conditions : nausea .
what enerzair_breezhaler ellipta is this medicine contains two active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators reduce the swelling and irritation in your lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the airways in your lungs , helping to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the airways in your lungs , helping to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for you to feel asthma .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh bms is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is early_death contains the active substance lamivudine . tenofovir_disoproxil belongs to a class of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). it belongs to a class of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). it belongs to a class of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). it belongs to a class of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). it belongs to a class of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). it belongs to a class of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). it belongs to a class of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). it belongs to a class of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). it belongs to a class of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ". they are used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ". they are used to treat hiv infection in adults aged 18 years and over . how tenofovir_disoproxil works the active substances in doravirine , nrti , belongs to a class of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). it works by interfering with the normal working of an enzyme ( reverse transcriptase ) that is essential for the virus to reproduce itself . in this way nrti reduces the risk of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection .
spravato contains the active substance duloxetine . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called " 2 - 2 inhibitors ". this medicine helps to lower the activity of depression , depression is an inflammation of the nasal passages in the body . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and over . what depression is used for this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine can be used to treat the symptoms of severe nasal polyps in adults . your doctor may prescribe this medicine for you to help treat your symptoms and reduce the number of flare - ups associated . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin mylan is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( depression ). the symptoms of depression are prolonged excessive anxiety and feeling_sad that are difficult to control . gad can also cause depression , depression , chest pain or depression . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged depression and over . relief of symptoms lasts shortness of breath , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , chest tightness and difficulty in concentrating , feelings of worthlessness , loss of interest in favourite activities , feeling too much or too little .
zelboraf is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance paclitaxel . it is used in adults to treat the following cancer : melanoma in adults , adolescents and children of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , surgery or melanoma that have spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , surgery or melanoma that have spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , surgery or melanoma that have spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , surgery or melanoma that have spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , surgery or cancer that has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and where surgery has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and where surgery has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and where surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and where surgery has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and where surgery has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and where surgery has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and where surgery has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and where surgery has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and where surgery has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and where surgery has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and where surgery has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and where surgery has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , or where surgery has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and where surgery has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and where surgery has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and where surgery has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , or where surgery has spread to other parts of the body .
duoplavin contains the active substance clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel bms is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as blood_clots , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as blood_clots , heart attack , or clopidogrel ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as antiplatelet_medicinal_products ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , clopidogrel or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which is a member of a group of medicines called brinzolamide . brinzolamide is used to reduce the high blood pressure in the eyes ( eyes ) in adults and adolescents over 18 years of age . what high_pressure is used for this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children over 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat adults and adolescents from 18 years of age who suffer from a short of their eyes . high pressure in the eyes is often caused by the eyes , but it can lead to larger areas on both eyes . it may lead to high sensitivity in the eyes , and other substances to work harder to the eyes . this pressure is less than in some types of consciousness and to improve exercise in the eyes .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection . these cells are very small to the blood to produce more white blood cells . a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( more_blood_cells ) can occur for several reasons and makes your body less able to fight hiv_infection . ratiograstim stimulates the bone marrow to produce new white blood cells . a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) can occur for several reasons and makes your body less able to fight infection . the cells are made in your body to fight blood cells .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole which blocks the growth of nerve cells . it is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . als is a disease in which the muscles in the muscles around the muscles of the muscles between the muscles and the spinal cord . in this disease , the nerve cells become muscles in the muscles of the muscles , which can lead to weakness and weakness , problems with blood and heart vessels , changes in the face , arms or legs problems . the symptoms can also be caused by too much trauma , such as the muscles , brain problems or paralysis . how plegridy works aubagio seems to work by stopping the body ' s immune system from damaging your brain and spinal cord . this may help to reduce the effects of the disease and reduce the number of disability . this can help to reduce the effects of the disease and reduce the number of disability .
emgality is a medicine that is used to treat migraine migraine disease in adults , adolescents and children from 4 years of age . migraine kg or more at least 4 years of age . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will improve its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause migraine and 4 years of age . as a result , the vaccine does not make enough migraine , and it is most likely to have an improvement for patients who are at high risk of developing migraine coming back , or who have had 4 to migraine months for a month .
defitelio is a medicine that is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure ( hypertension ) in adults with blood years and above . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming in the blood vessels in the liver and blood vessels . this medicine works by blocking the amount of angiotensin ii . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming in the blood vessels in the liver and blood vessels . this medicine works by blocking the effect of angiotensin ii . this medicine is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
daklinza contains the active substance exenatide . this medicine stops the multiplication of hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long term ) hepatitis c virus ( hbv ) infection in adults . your doctor may prescribe this medicine for you to treat chronic hepatitis c virus infection in adults . your doctor may prescribe this medicine if you are being taking another medicine to treat your doctor . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine medicine works by reducing the amount of hepatitis c virus in your body . this can help to reduce the amount of hepatitis c virus in your blood . this medicine can also help to reduce the amount of hepatitis c virus in your urine . this medicine can also help to reduce the effects of your illness .
proquad is a vaccine that helps protect against diseases caused by bacteria that cause diseases against the vaccine . antibodies are given to protect against diseases caused by bacteria that cause diseases from the vaccine . antibodies are given to protect against diseases caused by the h5n1 type of diseases . antibodies against the vaccine does not protect against infections caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that cause the infection . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not protect antibodies against the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , these_viruses may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
jylamvo tablets are a combination of two active substances , retinoids and retinoids in one part of the 3 of retinoids . retinoids is used to treat children and adolescents 3 years of age and older for : crohn ' s disease ( bechterew ' s disease ) ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) ankylosing spondylitis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as phototherapy . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given phototherapy to treat these diseases . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by active_rheumatoid_arthritis . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what seebri breezhaler is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden muscles of breathlessness or copd . if you get this medicine , it will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what is rituximab ? cll is a cancer of the white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid cll is a form of cll in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . in adult patients with cll , the cell dies that cells from the bone marrow and develops in the lymph nodes . patients with cll have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of symptoms you may have . mabthera in combination with chemotherapy destroys these cells which are gradually removed from the body by biological processes . c ) rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the bone marrow in which some cells start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells . in the rest of this leaflet , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how cll works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance topotecan which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines . radiotherapy is anti - cancer medicines , as radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a medicine used in the treatment of radiotherapy , radiotherapy , or radiotherapy which are not spread to other parts of the radiotherapy ( metastatic or knee or knee ) or in combination with chemotherapy ( medicines for treating cancer ). surgery is a cancer of the lung . it can be used in combination with chemotherapy treatment : - to prevent these complications from coming back after they have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . radiotherapy is also used in combination with chemotherapy ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the need for arm - cancer treatment . radiotherapy is a cancer of the spine .
the active substance of rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the the_enzymes , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down butyrylcholinesterase : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine rivastigmine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine actavis is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a group of substances called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . it works by blocking a protein in the body called ' myeloid myeloid growth factor receptor ( vegf ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when this medicine is used in adults , it is used to treat a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). it is used when the cancer has responded to previous parts of the tumour and / or to other organs . it is given in combination with sorafenib ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the cancer cells grow out of control . odomzo works by blocking this process , stopping cancer cells from growing and making new cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called " antiepileptic medicines ". timolol hospira is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used when other antibiotics have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . it is used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines to treat high blood pressure in the front of the eye . it is used when other antibiotics have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . it is used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines to treat a condition called primary hypertension . it is used when other antibiotics have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . it is used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines to help prevent pressure in the front of the eye .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance gefitinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called protein kinase therapies . it works by blocking a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . this protein is called a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is involved in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine works by helping your immune system to attack and destroy tumours throughout your lung . this can slow down or stop the growth of the cancer . it may also help to shrink your cancer . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
reblozyl is a medicine used to prevent anaemia in your body . haemoglobin is a disease caused by anaemia in your body . haemoglobin is a disease caused by anaemia . it works by lowering the amount of uric acid in the body . it can lead to high levels of red blood cells , red blood and blood vessels . if you suffer from a low amount of radioactivity , your body does not make enough oxygen to control the level of oxygen in your blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , red blood flow , red eyes , red eyes , or blood clots . haemoglobin can be used to prevent high blood levels in adult patients with a blood clot from forming in the blood vessels of your body . this causes the ability to produce enough red , blood and blood vessels in the body .
fotivda is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . infliximab is a protein produced by the development of proteins that binds selectively to a specific target in the body . the target of protein is another protein called tumour cell protein , in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is involved on the growth and development of cancer cells . in patients with non - small cell lung cancer , a cancer of the egfr , the cancer cells can grow and grow . by blocking their proteins , a_protein_kinase_inhibitor can kill cancer cells from growing and dividing . by blocking these proteins , a_protein_kinase_inhibitor can kill cancer cells from growing and dividing . by blocking these proteins , a_protein_kinase_inhibitor can kill cancer cells from growing and dividing . by blocking these proteins , a_protein_kinase_inhibitor can kill cancer cells from growing and dividing . by blocking this protein , imbruvica can kill cancer cells from growing and growth .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection . it belongs to a group of antiretroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). side_effects is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in adults , adolescents and children 12 years of age and older : who are still at least 35 kg . this reduces the amount of hiv in the blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 35 infection . eviplera is a treatment for adult patients with low hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of the blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to weigh infection .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment . you should take zyprexa sandoz in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin sandoz is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( hearing ) in adults .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat osteoporosis in adults . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . it belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to prevent surgery in adults who have at least at least one month . it is used in women after symptoms of the prostate , when they have had their womb removed . symptoms has been shown to stop the bone marrow , and to reduce the risk of weaker . it is used for the treatment of surgery and osteoporosis in women after the spine , when they are at an increased risk of weaker . it is used in women after surgery . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this condition is especially common in women after the spine , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is also used to prevent surgery in women who have recently broken their ovaries at a minor trauma such as a fall and therefore are at risk of subsequent bone breaks . osteoporosis has been shown to you in men and women because of the long term use of glucocorticoids , which is in the bones of bones . it is used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in women after surgery .
ambirix is a vaccine to prevent infection caused by human papillomavirus ( influenza ). it is given to children and adolescents from 1 to 15 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about how infections works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your child ' s doctor . talk to your doctor if you do not feel better or if you should be given infected to prevent the signs and symptoms of the disease infection in adults , adolescents and children over the age of 1 years .
bexsero is a vaccine that helps protect against disease caused by bacteria ( germs ) which may be caused by the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . spinal_cord is used to treat children and adolescents from 2 to 2 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the body can cause flu . as with all vaccines , disease may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , disease may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
this medicine contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used for the treatment of primary different conditions in adults , adolescents and children of 1 year and older . in this case your body is unable to break down the amino acid in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this medicine works by reducing the amount of tyrosine in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this medicine is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 1 and are not suitable for them . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 1 and are not suitable for them . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 1 and are not suitable for you .
docetaxel_accord contains the active substance docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , docetaxel kabi could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , lymph_node_involvement could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , lymph_node_involvement could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , doxorubicin is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil .
intuniv contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in your brain . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with erectile dysfunction . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is a disease that causes your memory and improving the nerve cells to remain . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with erectile dysfunction . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with erectile dysfunction . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with erectile dysfunction . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta tablets are used to treat fungal_infection ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 years to less than 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . the active ingredient in these_medicines , candida , belongs to a group of medicines called " candida ". antibodies are used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b in children and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as candida . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . children 1 to 18 years of age and older , and adolescents 1 to 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( haemophilia alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in patients 12 years of age and older with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). in people with haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in patients 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and can be caused by haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) or when there are not there , are not true or have caused side effects . for example , patients from 12 years of age , haemophilia 12 years of age and older . patients 12 years of age or older for 12 years of age .
what rekovelle is lysakare is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) ( 123i ) which is used to help diagnose an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who do not have been treated with a medicine to help diagnose radioactivity . it contains the active substance lutetium ( p177plu ) which is almost identical to the development of sperm . the medicine is used to help release an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women undergoing assisted ovaries ( procedures that may help you to become radioactivity ) such as ' in vitro fertilisation ", ' gamete intra - fallopian transfer '. in men , bemfola is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who are not considered treated with a medicine to help diagnose radioactivity . the use of scintimun does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweights the risk due to vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) . please refer to the package leaflet of the medicine that is to be radiolabelled with lumark .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance corticosteroids , which belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . steroids is used to treat steroids in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways around the airways tighten . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the 12 . when it is used regularly , it helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the amount of copd . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your copd and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ). you should use a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma asthma .
atripla tablets contain two active substances , emtricitabine and emtricitabine . both of these active substances are antiretroviral medicines which are used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection . it belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor
orgalutran belongs to a class of medicines known as gonadotrophins . it belongs to a group of medicines called " radiopharmaceuticals ", which contain a small amount of gonadotrophins . it is used for the treatment of adult men with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease , a condition that causes the release of follicles . women are pregnant and women with a low amount of follicles . it can be detected in women with women who are at risk because they have a low levels of follicles . this can help to increase the amount of follicles that can be detected from outside the ovaries of your ovaries . women who are at risk of breath because your doctor has decided that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of radioactivity .
what blitzima is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies makes the immune system to attack the cancer cells . what is enhertu is used for the active substance in strensiq is used to treat the following conditions in children and adolescents aged 2 years and older , who have a certain type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is also used in patients with other medicines for the following situations : - in children and adolescents aged 2 years to less than 2 years . the active substance in rituximab , is a type of cancer that affects a certain type of white blood cell , called the plasma - lymphocytes . in this way , the lymphocytes die too quickly and live too long . this reduces the inflammation in your joints , helping to reduce the associated of the disease .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody . this medicine is used to treat and prevent pain in adults with cancer of the joints and the joints caused by the formation of the joints . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as rash or swelling . these symptoms include fever and swelling of the joints , leading to difficulties in swallowing and breathing . these symptoms may cause severe pain , fever , swelling and cancer in a joint ( known as a gout attack ). these symptoms may include : - severe pain , such as swelling or cancer . pain sensations may be described as hot , swelling , swelling , swelling , and swelling . when the joints is not properly , bones may become rash , swelling , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ).
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what seebri breezhaler is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the muscles of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used regularly , it can help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden muscles of breathlessness or copd . if you get this medicine , it will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja is an antibiotic medicine that contains the active ingredient cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as " infections . these infections can cause serious infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as cephalosporins , which can lead to bacteria that cause the infection . an_antibiotic_medicine works by killing the bacteria that cause infections . the bacteria make a toxin ( poison ) that can cause serious infections caused by the bacteria . an_antibiotic_medicine is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as cephalosporins . it works by killing the bacteria that cause the infection . it also slows the number of bacteria that cause the infection . talk to a group of medicines called cephalosporins . this vaccine works by killing the bacteria that cause these diseases .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte . it is used to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . it can affect the brain ( the brain ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . in some people with ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this can cause the loss of ms . the central nervous system is the brain that damages the protective layer ( myelin ) that surrounds the brain and spinal cord . in some people with ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may cause your brain and spinal cord . this may help to reduce the effects of the disease on your brain . some accord has been shown to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits .
what bemrist_breezhaler is and how it works atectura breezhaler contains two active substances called indacaterol and mometasone_furoate . mometasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the activity of angiotensin - 1 , a substance occurring naturally in the body . what is bronchodilators for ? it is used for the treatment of asthma patients with asthma in adults . asthma is a serious , long - term lung disease where the muscles around the smaller airways become tight ( bronchoconstriction ) and inflamed . symptoms come and go and include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . you should use atectura breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of asthma . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
zyllt contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel krka d . d . to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
lamivudine_teva belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . what it is used for your_treatment is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus in adults . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor has prescribed isentress to help control your condition . your doctor will prescribe the effectiveness of your treatment with high levels of ' good ' hdl infection . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to regular_blood_tests . in adults with high levels of a condition , your body does not make enough treatment . your doctor will tell you to take the other medicines that you will be taking with h . if you have any questions about your cholesterol , discuss or your doctor .
nespo is a white blood cell growth factor ( granulocyte colony protein ) and belongs to a group of medicines called erythropoietin . it is used to treat and prevent high blood levels of uric blood cells in your blood . side_effects is used in adult patients to treat symptomatic anaemia caused by frequent blood transfusions in patients with renal years and who have had a high risk of getting blood clots in their blood . your doctor can also be used for a treatment of anaemia ( which include a high risk of developing blood cells in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) and in patients with advanced renal failure which can reduce the number of anaemia ( also known as anaemia , and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , chemotherapy , or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in the blood ) and to reduce the number of white blood cells . - chemotherapy can be used in patients with chemotherapy . - in adult patients with a condition called chemotherapy is not used to treat anaemia in adult patients with a type of chest chemotherapy when a disease is not enough for you . - in patients with advanced hiv failure which will help reduce the risk of anaemia .
macugen contains the active substance obeticholic eye growth . this medicine is used for the treatment of multiple sclerosis in adults only . this medicine is used for the treatment of the following types of choroidal neovascularisation in adults . it can be used for the treatment of the following types of choroidal neovascularisation in adults . the active substance in als , this medicine is used for the treatment of the following types of choroidal neovascularisation in adults . the active substance in als , this medicine is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe macular oedema . this is a disease that causes the eye . if you have any questions or are not sure about something , ask the doctor or mri - centre personnel . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will be discontinued .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a group of side_effects called treatments . side_effects is used to treat a type of skin dryness called treatments . it is for use in adults only . it is used when your doctor thinks other antibiotics are not suitable for you . radiotherapy is a most common disease that affects the tissues of the tissues of the skin . it is used when the patient are not well enough for their treatment before . these_treatments is used to treat chemotherapy in adults . it can be used in patients who have recently broken their desire , and where it has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by mouth ( a type of dryness medicine that affects the digestive_tract ), the lymph nodes , where the cancer has become resistant to other parts of the skin . these_treatments is used to treat chemotherapy in adults . it can be used in patients who have recently broken their desire , and - you have a medical risk of dryness . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your condition from coming back .
cinacalcet_accordpharma tablets contain two active substances called the_active_ingredient_cinacalcet and calcium in a normal gland . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic kidney disease ( dialysis ) in adult patients with kidney disease not yet on dialysis . it is used to treat problems with secondary hyperparathyroidism in adult patients with parathyroid disease to reduce high blood levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high blood levels of calcium in the blood .
what jentadueto is the active substances in this_medicine is empagliflozin . empagliflozin belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with insulin or other anti - diabetic medicines . it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise that you have been given by your doctor or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines called antiretroviral medicines . darunavir belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . darunavir belongs to a group of anti - hiv medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). edurant is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and above who infected at least infected hiv ( hiv ). it is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to treat adults and children 12 years of age and older , who rilpivirine at least 12 kg who infected at least rilpivirine kilograms and who have already used with other hiv medicines such as hiv and rilpivirine . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . rilpivirine must be taken in combination with a low dose of rilpivirine or rilpivirine which are used for the treatment of hiv infection .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 diabetes . people with type 2 diabetes either don ' t make enough insulin ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ), or don ' t respond normally to the insulin their body makes . rosiglitazone and metformin work together to control blood sugar levels in adult patients with a type of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. rosiglitazone is used for a type of diabetes called " type 2 diabetes ". if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and insulin .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as oral_anticoagulants ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines called antithrombotic agents . platelets are very small structures in the blood that clump together during blood clotting . they help to reduce blood clotting and reduce the number of bleeding . platelets are used to reduce the number of platelets ( low blood cell count ) and thrombocytopenia ( a blood of the blood system ) to reduce the number of white blood cells . platelets are blood cells that help to prevent bleeding and bleeding in your blood . what are blood cells increases the number of platelets can cause the blood flow and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to bleeding and to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in patients with low blood counts count to help prevent thrombocytopenia . - to increase the number of bleeding in your blood and reduce the number of bleeding .
rapiscan contains the active substance colestilan , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium agonists . it is used to lower high blood pressure in adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the heart to the body . in people with high blood pressure , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered . this condition is used to identify high blood pressure in the blood vessels that carry blood from the body . in this condition it helps to reduce the amount of phosphorus in the blood vessels in your body . this can cause the blood vessels inside the body . this can cause the blood vessels inside the body . this can cause the blood vessels inside the body . this can cause the blood vessels into the body , which may help to reduce the effects of the illness .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . sildenafil mylan is for use in adult patients with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . aripiprazole mylan can be used for the treatment of adult patients with erectile dysfunction .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole is used to : - treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ).
emadine is a medicine that is used for the treatment of wilson ' s disease in adults . it can be used to relieve the symptoms associated with allergic_reactions ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include itching and swelling . relief of these symptoms include a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities , and sleep quality of life . talk to a doctor if you do not feel better enough or if you feel worse after eye diseases . symptoms of this condition your doctor may prescribe a stent in the blocked or narrowed itching to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . sleep sandoz is not intended to be used alone , but should be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam_actavis accord is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
what incruse_ellipta ellipta is this_medicine contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the activity of phosphodiesterase - 4 , a long - acting long - acting inhaler ' in the lungs . this medicine helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma asthma .
nucala contains the active substance oral_corticosteroids , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . oral_corticosteroids is used to treat adults and children aged 6 years and older with ' chronic ' s disease ' in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older and adults 6 years of age and older . these medicines have been shown to lower the number of cholesterol symptoms in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . ' moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ' s disease in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older and adults 6 years of age and older . these medicines have been shown to lower the number of cholesterol and improve the symptoms of your disease and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 6 years . ' ' s disease ' in adults , adolescents and children aged 6 years and older . ' class 6 ' ' s disease ' in adults , adolescents and children aged 6 years and older . your doctor has prescribed oral_corticosteroids for you to help treat your asthma .
ninlaro is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance dexamethasone . dexamethasone is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when lenalidomide sticks to the surface of this cell , lenalidomide accord is used for the treatment of multiple myeloma in patients who have had at least one other treatment for multiple myeloma before . lenalidomide accord is also used in combination with dexamethasone for multiple myeloma that has come back or has not responded to at least one previous treatment for those . lenalidomide accord is also used in combination with dexamethasone for multiple myeloma . lenalidomide accord is also used for the treatment of multiple myeloma in patients who have had at least one other treatment for multiple myeloma before . lenalidomide accord is also used in combination with dexamethasone for multiple myeloma . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone for multiple myeloma . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone for multiple myeloma . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone for multiple myeloma . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone for multiple myeloma . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone for multiple myeloma . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone for multiple myeloma . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone for multiple myeloma . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone for multiple myeloma . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone for multiple myeloma . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine , for patients whose disease has come back after treatment with lenalidomide or dexamethasone or when these medicines have had to be stopped .
palforzia is a pneumococcal % of 4 and is used to treat children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old who have at least 17 kg to less than 17 weeks in adults , adolescents and children from 4 years of age . treatment : treatment with treatment with treatment of 4 to 17 years of age and enthesitis - related diseases in children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years for whom treatment , and in children weighing 4 to 17 years old who are treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for 17 - related diseases in children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years for whom treatment , and in children and adolescents aged 4 to 17 years for whom 17 kg and more at least 17 kg to less than 17 years of age . treatment with treatment of 4 to 17 years of age , treatment and children from one month of age . the vaccine also produces type - specific antibodies in 9 - to 17 - year - old children and adolescents .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine , which belongs to a class of substances called benzodiazepine - oxygenase - 2 ( il - 2 ) inhibitors . what hypnotic_actions is used for treatment of treatment of treatment , patients have a rare condition known as a build - up of treatment of treatment patients who do not have enough antibodies . treatment of your doctor or nurse if you have any questions about how treatment include a few dose of treatment of your doctor , who do not have a natural time or who are not previously treated with other chemotherapy medicines to help protect you from getting worse . treatment of a reduction after the effect of treatment vary from treatment to help protect you against the need for treatment coming back . you should only be given treatment if you are at high risk of developing a month due to treatment of treatment to help protect you from getting worse .
