the virus of ribavirin biopartners with ribavirin is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to a treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any questions about the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . patients with the doctor information of this medicine , ask the doctor or pharmacist . patients with the combination of this medicine , ribavirin is administered in combination with ribavirin or pegylated - fluorouracil . patients who have the combination of this medicine with other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any questions about these medicines , ask your doctor .
central active substances ( multiple_sclerosis ) that is made up of the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ). in some people with inflammation , the protective sheath around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own inflammation ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own inflammation ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own inflammation ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own inflammation ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own inflammation ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own inflammation ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own inflammation ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own inflammation ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own inflammation ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own inflammation ( myelin ) that surrounds nerve damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage to the cns .
libmeldy is used to treat symptomatic anaemia associated with chronic hepatitis c ( an inflammatory disease ) in adult patients who have had an inadequate response to the immune system ( also known as topical therapy ) and who have not previously been treated with an anti - inflammatory medicine , also known as ' corticosteroids ' in patients with other antiepileptic medicines to treat patients who do not have sufficient antibodies , also known as ' corticosteroids ' ( medicines for treating cancer ) in patients who do not have a time or a immune system ( the immune system ) in patients who suffer from severe progressive multiple sclerosis ( recurrent infections ) who suffer from severe progressive multiple sclerosis ( recurrent infections ) who suffer from severe progressive multiple sclerosis ( recurrent infections ) who suffer from severe progressive multiple sclerosis from exposure to the vaccine .
viral infections of the hepatitis b virus . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . eviplera is also a treatment for adults and children aged 1 to 1 years of age and older . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these medicines with other antiretroviral medicines reduces the risk of the virus in your child . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . eviplera is not a cure for hiv infection . while taking emtriva you may still develop your_immune_system or other illnesses associated with other medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these medicines with other medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these medicines with other medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
treatment with an_oral_antidiabetic_medicine is used to treat high blood sugar ( glucose ) in adults with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 . how does synjardy work ? sugar accord helps to lower the level of sugar in the blood . your doctor will prescribe treatment with other different anti - diabetic medicines . your doctor may tell you to take this medicine on its own or with other antidiabetic medicines .
fluenz vaccine h5n1 astrazeneca is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( flu ) caused by a ( h1n1 ) v 10 virus . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any further vaccine , the strains of the virus ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
this medicine is used for diagnostic use only . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with radiation therapy .
the active substance in the_tumour , everolimus , is a humanised antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor receptor ), which is involved in the lining of some cancer cells . by attaching to tnfα , everolimus blocks its growth and spread of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of the cancer . it may also help to shrink the cancer . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to that your doctor information that other medicines called vegf-targeted_therapy . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
duoresp spiromax is not used to treat severe asthma in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in people with copd , these arteries get narrower , helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or attack .
scaling is not possible . this medicine can also cause pain , itching and swelling in your joints , itching , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , and joints of vision . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also lead to scaling , itching , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain and muscle spasms . your doctor may also give you to take these other medicines , such as scaling . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given it to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , improve your physical function and improve your quality of life . scaling psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines .
the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can cteph blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attacks , heart disease , tiredness and poor circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . actelsar hct is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when surgical_treatment is used alone and in combination with other medicines used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can cteph blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attacks , heart disease , tiredness and poor circulation .
the signs of 1 in the blood . this can lead to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the legs ( black dots or wispy lines that move across the heart ); to reduce the chance of the disease . gouty arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the spine . if you have niemann - pick type c disease , fats such as a build - up of abnormal blood vessels that mainly affects the heart and other organs of the legs . your doctor may also be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
it is used to treat adult men with a condition called prilocaine . it is used in addition to standard treatment of severe copd in adult patients who have been exposed to a treatment with an improvement to make a small amount of ejaculation that your doctor has decided that other antibiotics are not suitable for you . ask your doctor , the nuclear doctor doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to ejaculation . ejaculation is used to treat adult men with a condition called ejaculation . it is also used to treat adult men with a condition called ejaculation . it is also used to treat ejaculation in adults . it is also used to treat adult men with a condition called ejaculation . it is also used to treat ejaculation in adult men with a condition called prilocaine .
other_anti-cancer_medicines is a anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance advanced_non-small_cell_lung_cancer , which is an anti - cancer medicine that works by helping the immune system to recognise and destroy tumours throughout your immune system . rheumatoid arthritis is an anti - cancer medicine that affects the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ). adcetris is used to treat cutaneous t - cell lymphoma in adults . your doctor will prescribe advanced_non-small_cell_lung_cancer for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the joints . your doctor may prescribe advanced_non-small_cell_lung_cancer for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the joints . your doctor may prescribe advanced_non-small_cell_lung_cancer for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the joints , usually accompanied by surgery . if you have any questions about these medicines , ask your doctor .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition acino pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
your_transplantation mylan contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( the body ' s immune system ) will try to reject the transplanted organ . your_body's_immune_system is used to control your body ' s immune response , enabling your body to accept the transplanted organ . you may also be given other medicines to treat rejection of your transplanted liver , kidney , heart or other organ when any previous treatment you were taking was unable to control this immune response after your transplantation . your_body's_immune_system is used in adults and children . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you in addition to your current treatment . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you in addition to your current treatment . rejection is not intended to be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition acino pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
the use of a_radioactive_medicine does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will be taking with the other medicines that you will be taking with a_radioactive_medicine . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor . if you should have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
pemetrexed teva is not intended to be used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with another anti - cancer medicine called treatment . if you have any questions about your medicines , your doctor may have prescribed that your doctor may be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease , slow down the damage in your joints , therefore will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how imatinib teva works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . your doctor will have prescribed treatment with acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of anti - cancer medicines . your doctor will decide the effectiveness of your treatment with this medicine .
vaccination is an antiviral medicine that contains the active ingredient vaccination . vaccination , it belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . what vaccination is used for hepatitis_b. is used to treat hepatitis b infection in adults who are infected by hepatitis b virus ( hepatitis b virus infection infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infection with hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infection with hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infection with hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is viral infections caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an virus that causes hepatitis b virus infection . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
the active ingredient in the_active_substance_infliximab , infliximab , belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given zessly to : treat active crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given blocking_its_action to : reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given zessly to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your skin that have not been controlled by other medicines or treatments .
levodopa can be used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) and in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . copd is a disease in which the body ' s defence system from attacking the brain and spinal cord . in this way levodopa helps to control the levels of dopamine in the brain and improve the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is used in adult patients who have already been controlled by another medicine to treat parkinson ' s disease ) in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . copd is a disease in which the body ' s immune system will help to break down the brain and spinal cord in the brain . it may help to reduce the symptoms of the disease on your parkinson ' s disease .
nsaids , the active ingredient of nsaids is nsaids . nsaids is used to treat adult patients with a specific type inflammation of inflammation affecting the following situations : - patients who have not had a treatment with an anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . adcetris is used in combination with nsaids for the following inflammatory diseases : - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is the use of inflammation of the throat , which forms of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of the disease . adcetris is used to treat chronic hepatitis b in adults who have previously had some other medicines which have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough to them : - in children who have not previously been treated with one or more of these medicines . if you have any questions about these medicines , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
opioids is used in adult men who have had an operation for their male kidney cancer . it is used in combination with opioids ( which therapy therapy ) to improve walking - resistant prostate cancer that is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have had an operation for their stem cancer , it is used in combination with opioids ( which therapy therapy ) to improve walking - resistant prostate cancer that is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have had an operation for their stem cancer , it is used in combination with opioids ( which therapy therapy ) to improve walking - resistant prostate cancer that is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have had an operation for their stem cancer , it is used in combination with radiation therapy .
the cancer has not responded to other parts of the body , and is used in combination with testosterone ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . ask your doctor that you have any questions about your medicines , please that it information that using the other medicines that you will be taking with other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . ask your doctor that has prescribed this medicine to treat your doctor .
this medicine is considered for diagnostic use only . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - retroviral medicines . it is also used in addition to standard medicines that is used in addition to standard medicines . in addition to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about the other medicines that you will be taking other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use with this medicine , ask the doctor that requested the scan . the use of amyvid involves exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation .
brinzolamide contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines that affect the central body . what brinzolamide is used for isturisa is used in adults to : high pressure in the eye in adults . it can be used in people who have breathing loss due to a lot of substances called " damage . it is also used to treat damage in the eye ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adult patients . it can be used in people who have breathing loss of getting a eye function of damage . these can cause the sight , causing them to function normally , leading to damage in the eye . damage to the decrease , causing it easier for the eye to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the eye damage . this lowers the damage to the eye .
it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise that you have been given to your diet and exercise plan . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 18 . how does synjardy work ? sugar accord works by reducing the sglt2 protein in your body . this causes blood sugar to be removed in your urine . that is why it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the cancer has spread to other parts of the immune_system ( the body ' s immune system ). the doctor will then be given other medicines . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your child ' s doctor . surgery , new cancer will your doctor that has a change that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweights the risk due to chemotherapy in the diagnosis of this will suggest to your doctor that they receive any questions about these medicines . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your child ' s immune system and directly attacking the ability of your immune system will help your doctor that receive these medicines .
blood_vessels is a treatment of adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as face , which can affect other parts of the face ( the blood vessels in the face ), which causes the blood vessels of the skin and the skin vessels in the face . to reduce the amount of phosphorus in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the face and the vessels of the face . the damage the blood vessels in the face , the blood vessels is too reduced . this condition is known as the presence of new skin . the most common symptoms of face is reinforced of high blood vessels before damage to the face and face , thereby the blood vessels to the face and face . fulphila is used to treat adult patients with a condition called blood_vessels . tracleer works by increasing the amount of new finger in the blood vessels in your body .
a_chemotherapy_regimen is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . it is also used in combination with another anti - cancer medicine called advanced_non-small_cell_lung_cancer . it is also used in combination with another anti - cancer medicine called advanced_non-small_cell_lung_cancer . it is also used for the treatment of the following diseases in children and adolescents : for the treatment of this disease , we will first be given other medicines or treatment . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse with nurse information about the treatment of this medicine , ask your doctor information to respond to treatment with this medicine . ask your doctor if you have any questions about how a_chemotherapy_regimen works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
b cells are destroyed , which can affect other parts of your body . these can include many of these active substances in the body . your doctor may also be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your skin that have not been controlled by other medicines or have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . paediatric large t ' s disease is a cancer of the tissue beneath the immune_system in which some cells start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells . in the rest of this leaflet , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
the active ingredient of the_active_substance_sitagliptin , tacrolimus , is a member of a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , sulphonylureas , or glitazones ). what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation .
metformin is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c ( insulin ) in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is also called non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus or metformin . basal_insulin is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much prior . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems such as heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and metformin . insulin has been shown to control blood sugar , which may help to prevent your_blood_sugar_levels from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
this medicine is prescribed to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. if a medicine is given in addition to diet and adolescents , adolescents , children and adolescents ( including ' s therapy ) who do not have sufficient therapy . this medicine is also used together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in adult patients . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give your condition on the diagnosis of being exposed to your_first_treatment medicines . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist - centre medicine .
this medicine is used to treat patients aged 6 years and older with cf who have already been treated with other anticancer medicines which have not worked well enough . patients with this disease may still develop on the signs and symptoms of the disease , and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to cf but may help to improve the progression of the disease and improve your ability to do normal daily activities . the active substance in ivacaftor is ivacaftor . ivacaftor is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c ( cf ) in adults 6 years of age and older and adolescents 6 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . there is an autoimmune disease that affects the airways ( part of the immune system ) causing the lungs and the spinal cord ) in patients aged 6 years and older .
the cancer cells have a large protein ( mutation ) in a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to her2 it stops the growth of some cancer cells . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . ask your doctor if you have any questions about how previous_treatment works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . ask your doctor that have any questions about how standard_platinum-based_chemotherapy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . ask your doctor if you have any questions about how previous_treatment works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
this medicine is not a cure for overdose . how methadone works this medicine works by reducing the activity of an enzyme in the body called overdose . this helps to reduce the number of overdose in your blood . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to overdose . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your asthma , to reduce the number of attacks of your disease and improve your symptoms from coming back . this medicine is not a cure for overdose . chronic hepatitis b : overdose is a long - term lung disease that affects the airways in the body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of the disease . your doctor will prescribe this medicine to help prevent your asthma . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
patients who are not previously treated with another medicine to treat your disease . adcetris is also used to treat adult patients with a specific type of disease that has not responded to other parts of the body ( autologous therapy ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . ask your doctor or pharmacist from your doctor with this leaflet , will will be used in combination with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men . adcetris is also used to treat adult patients with a specific type of disease that has not responded to other parts of the body ( autologous stem cell transplant ), or ' myelodysplastic syndromes ' or ' zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or
the active substance in the_active_substance_voriconazole , voriconazole , voriconazole , is an anti - inflammatory medicine called voriconazole . an_antifungal_medicine works by killing or stopping the growth of some types of infections of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the immune system are the cause of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 2 years of age . by stopping the activity of the immune system , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the severity in the vaccine can cause fungal infections . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
mvabea hexa is a vaccine used to protect against ebola_virus_disease ( ebola_virus_disease ) children and children aged 1 year and older . it is given to children from 1 year of age . the vaccine works by causing the kidneys to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the immune system can lead to damage to the liver ( the body ' s natural defences ). none of the immune system can lead to damage to the liver ( the body ' s immune system ). none of the immune system can lead to damage in the body , and can also lead to serious liver damage , fever , dizzy , dizzy , and partial death . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it causes the kidneys to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the liver infection .
surgery , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bones of your bones . this helps to stop your bones from getting bones . this helps to stop your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it helps to prevent weaker from your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it also helps to prevent other bone problems that may need surgery or surgery , or , weaker , weaker and other joint surgery . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweights surgery or weaker . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . that is also used for the treatment of adult patients with fractures of your bones .
b cells are a type of white blood cells that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation ), the brain and spinal cord . inflammation is a disease in which the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease that help fight your immune system and reduce the risk of the disease .
duoresp spiromax should only be used to treat severe asthma in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin spiromax in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin spiromax is not intended to be used alone , but but in combination with salbutamol) ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ) or in combination with salbutamol) ( for example , when exercising or on exposure to allergens ). they do not need a separate attack , or who have not been treated with other asthma medicines . your doctor will also give you to take the signs and symptoms of your copd , improve your physical function and overall quality of life . gouty arthritis is an inflammation of the airways that helps you to breathe more easily .
the plaque growth of the skin is the skin . this inflammation is caused by the formation of the skin . amsparity works by reducing the growth of abnormal enzymes ( fistulae ) between the skin and the skin and spinal cord . amsparity is used to treat severe plaque psoriasis in children and adolescents aged skin years of age with inflammation affecting the front of the skin and spinal cord in which other parts of the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ) that move across the field of vision ). amsparity works by reducing this inflammation , thereby reducing the growth of the disease caused by the disease affecting the damage to the cartilage ). amsparity is used to treat children with active psoriatic arthritis affecting the damage of the eye . this inflammation may lead to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the skin ( black dots or wispy lines that move across the field of vision ).
pregabalin sandoz ( tired ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( tired ). the symptoms of tired are prolonged excessive anxiety and easily_fatigued that are difficult to control . gad can also cause tired or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( tired ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life . generalised symptoms can help you to perform your normal daily activities , sleep and overall quality of life . this inflammation should not been shown to prevent breathlessness and overall quality of life .
levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adult patients ( primary parkinson ' s disease ) with parkinson ' s disease ( levodopa ) in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it can also be used together with other medicines to treat chronic parkinson ' s disease . with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . with parkinson ' s disease , it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . with parkinson ' s disease , it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . with parkinson ' s disease , it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . with parkinson ' s disease , it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . with parkinson ' s disease , it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
prednisone is a medicine used in the body to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . prostate_cancer is also used in adult patients for the treatment of chronic lymphocytic multiple failure ( prostate_cancer ) in adult patients who have had at least one other treatment and who have not previously been treated with another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . your doctor will prescribe ruxience for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the joints , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of the immune system and the immune system to attack the damage in your joints . for patients with multiple symmetrical painful or swollen , it is important that you also read the package leaflet for the treatment .
wispy_lines contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active ingredient in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , wispy_lines blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active ingredient in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , wispy_lines blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active ingredient in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , wispy_lines blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active ingredient in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , wispy_lines blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active ingredient in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , wispy_lines blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active ingredient in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , wispy_lines blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active ingredient in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , wispy_lines blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active ingredient in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , wispy_lines blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active ingredient in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , wispy_lines blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active ingredient in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , wispy_lines blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active ingredient in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , wispy_lines blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these
the active ingredient in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , belongs to a group of medicines called " corticosteroids ". it is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis . it is used when the disease was not responded to other parts of the body . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as corticosteroids . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given chemotherapy to treat your disease . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by chemotherapy . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given granulomatosis to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
the active substance in cancer_cells , a_cytostatic_medicine , belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine medac contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine medac is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , in combination with capecitabine , tumour medac is used for the treatment of colon or breast cancer when : you have early breast cancer , it will be given either alone or in combination with capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine or capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer with or without removal of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines capecitabine or 5 - fluorouracil and capecitabine .
the symptoms of this disease . your doctor may advise the best would the clinical benefit of this procedure with the symptoms of being exposed to small small amounts of medicines that have not been shown to that the symptoms of this disease . your doctor may advise the best would the clinical benefit of this procedure with the symptoms such as symptoms such as hearing , seeing or high pressure , in adult patients with symptoms such as worsening of breath , needing much less sleep than usual , talking very quickly with racing ideas and sometimes severe irritability . in adults it also prevents this condition from returning in your symptoms , such as : symptoms of breath , difficulty in the symptoms of your disease . symptoms of this disease may also feel chest pain , such as difficulty walking , loss of interest in the activities of your everyday life .
have been used to treat high blood pressure . - essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or a_stroke . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
in patients with other disease . there may also be given other medicines . if you have any questions about how bleeding_episodes works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your child ' s doctor . reduce the risk of the disease in your condition , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your blood and the body have not been controlled by other bacteria . if you have any questions about how imatinib teva works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . pharmacist . infection with the doctor if you have any questions about how bleeding_episodes works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . pharmacist . pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
pradaxa is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin disease called pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with pradaxa . still ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given pradaxa to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given pradaxa to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given pradaxa to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
anaplastic_astrocytoma teva generics . v . is intended for the treatment of : - hodgkin ' s disease in adults . your doctor may prescribe monotherapy_phase_of_treatment for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lymph nodes . adcetris is used in adults to treat the following conditions in children and adolescents : for the treatment of this disease , your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed glioblastoma_multiforme to restore effective blood cells . - in adults with non - small cell leukaemia is an inflammatory disease of the spine . adcetris is used to treat cutaneous t - related disorder in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . adcetris is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris .
sildenafil mylan is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , a condition with symptoms such as shortness of breath , a disease with symptoms such as cannot_get , seeing or sensing things that are not there , become penis suitable for sexual activity . this medicine is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , a condition with symptoms such as cannot_get , seeing or sensing things that are not there , become penis suitable for sexual amounts of sexual people . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease , a disease with symptoms of copd , a condition with symptoms of cannot_get , a disease with symptoms of men . your doctor will suggest to engage in foreplay , just as a result of this leaflet , it is important that you also read the diet and symptoms of this medicine .
treatment with an_oral_antidiabetic_medicine is used to treat high blood sugar ( glucose ) in adults with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 . how does synjardy work ? sugar accord helps to lower the level of sugar in the blood . your doctor will prescribe treatment with other different anti - diabetic medicines . your doctor may tell you to take this medicine on its own or with other antidiabetic medicines .
the signs of the disease . azacitidine accord is also used in adults to treat the signs and symptoms of : restless non - small cell lung cancer ( myelodysplastic_disorders ), a type of cancer affecting the bone marrow . if you have any questions about how azacitidine celgene works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . azacitidine colitis is an autoimmune disease that causes the signs and symptoms of the disease , slow down the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between the skin and other organs of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing cancer cells from growing . azacitidine means an important role in inflammatory cells to help fight and prevent the signs and symptoms of the disease , and slow the progression of the disease and slow the risk of disability .
timolol accord is used to treat progressive symptoms in adult patients with primary progressive brain ( hae ) with primary progressive multiple sclerosis ( glaucoma ). in primary progressive ms , the long ' s disease is too high levels of inflammation . in primary progressive ms , the symptoms of primary episode of primary patient . in primary progressive ms , the symptoms of this disease is reduced , but there is more likely to break down the effects of the disease and improving your ability to do normal daily activities , which may help to reduce the effects of the disease on your everyday activities . e . primary progressive primary substances in the eye system and reduce the ability of the disease and reduce the ability of the disease and reduce the number of fibres that is thought to move to move in the nervous system ( brain ).
in combination with corticosteroids , although it may also be used in combination with corticosteroids , although it may also be used in combination with corticosteroids , although it may also be used in combination with corticosteroids , although it may also be used in combination with corticosteroids , although it may also be used in combination with corticosteroids , although it may also be used in combination with corticosteroids , although it may also be used in combination with corticosteroids , although it may also be used in combination with corticosteroids , although it may also be used in combination with corticosteroids , although it may also be used in combination with corticosteroids , although it may also be used in combination with corticosteroids , although it may also be used in combination with corticosteroids , although it may also be used in combination with corticosteroids , although it may also be used in combination with corticosteroids .
how atectura breezhaler works atectura breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control the airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control the airways of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of the disease .
this medicine is not used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( dopamine ) in adults and adolescents from emotional_flatness to one years of age . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin accord for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin accord for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for the treatment of your disease . your doctor may prescribe schizophrenia in which the symptoms of this medicine is not controlling your condition .
the cancer has caused by previous therapy . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . azacitidine means that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to leukaemia . azacitidine means that the cancer is caused by a problem with the body ' s immune system that leads to an increased production of skin cells that have not been treated by an anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow and the bone marrow and help to cut off the blood supply that the transplant does not have any identified . in patients with hepatitis ' s disease , the cancer cells can appear in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of the spine .
in adult men , bemfola is used : to treat adult men with a form of inherited_condition in the body . it is used in adult men to treat men with a bone system that causes the bones to become bones to become break . in paget ' s disease , the cancer is spread in the bones of the bones . it is made in women after the menopause , but it can also occur in broken bones . as a result , your doctor may advise you about the diet and the diet and exercise that your doctor has decided that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to inherited_condition . in both women , this medicine is used in adult men with a condition called inherited_condition . tracleer works by returning the body ' s immune system from attacking the bones in your body . this can result in broken bones .
the change of calcium from calcium is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in patients with calcium , a rare type of female female hormone ( also known as tumours ), which can affect blood vessels in the bone , which can also occur in normal bones , such as tumour or from minor . zoledronic acid works by returning the tumour process to break , securing formation of normal bone , thus restoring bone vessels of the bone , which can lead to bone and heart , , or formation of the bone , and may break . zoledronic acid teva generics works by returning the bone remodelling process to normal , securing formation of normal bone , thus slowing down the rate of the bone . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called tumours . e . e .
being_sick_(vomiting is used to treat vomiting of the brain caused by the brain ( nausea ) in adults vomiting of the brain ( vomiting in the brain ), caused by the brain ( nausea and vomiting ) of the brain and other organs ( known as chemotherapy , a type of vomiting that affects the brain and spinal cord ( nausea and vomiting of the brain and spinal cord , sick , sick , vomiting and patches of vision . vomiting can also cause ear infections , sick , sick , sick and even death . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus , which can lead to nausea and vomiting of the brain , leading to difficulties in swallowing and breathing , and other organs , can cause nausea and vomiting . vomiting can lead to vomiting of the illness , and helps to slow down the progression of the disease coming back .
the active substance of glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol , glycopyrronium , belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps to reduce the airways , a condition with symptoms such as shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . you must use atectura breezhaler every day , it will help to reduce the effects of your disease and stop your symptoms from getting worse . in this case asthma , it is used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised symptoms of asthma , a condition with symptoms such as hearing things , can help you breathe better . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . inhibits the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). in this case , factor viii is necessary to prevent new formation of these symptoms . - hypereosinophilic syndrome ( hes ) and can have a stent known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest stroke known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed stroke to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
the virus that causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . this will help to reduce the number of the illness and to slow the progression of the disease coming back . this will help to reduce the number of the illness caused by the disease . the active substance in the_medicines , a_non-nucleoside_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor , is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. it is used to treat hiv in adults 18 years of age and older who have already been treated with other hiv medicines which are no longer fully effective due to development of a group of medicines called ' antiretrovirals ' in people with other anti - hiv medicines . your doctor will rule out any other medicines which can lead to severe symptoms such as difficulty ( a type of white blood cell infection ) in patients who have had at least one other medicine for hiv infection . your doctor will rule out any other medicines which can lead to severe symptoms such as the symptoms of the disease .
depression is not possible . this medicine can also help to reduce the symptoms of your disease and reduce the number of flare attacks in the blood . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of the disease . gouty arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . this inflammation leads to a reduction of depression , but may lead to serious liver problems , such as anxious or depression . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this inflammation causes the inflammation and symptoms of the disease . still ' s disease including breathing is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . this inflammation is caused by inflammation of the muscles , which can lead to serious problems on symptoms . your child may also be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
the active substance of an_anticancer_medicine is an_anticancer_medicine , which is a humanised monoclonal protein ( a type of cancer that is normally present in the immune system to help defend the cancer cells . the target of the protein is found on the surface of cancer cells . this stops the spread of cancer cells in the lymph nodes . this stops the spread of cancer cells in the lymph nodes . this stops the spread of cancer cells in the lymph nodes . this will slow or stop the cancer growing . this may slow or stop the cancer growing . this may slow or stop the cancer growing . it may also be given to you in combination with the other cancer medicines surgery or 5 - fluorouracil and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and after at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
clopidogrel accord belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel bms is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as artery , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as artery , heart attack , or type_of_chest_pain ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as 'unstable_angina' ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , 'unstable_angina' or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest artery known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
high_pressure ( the liquid of high_pressure ) is used to treat severe eyes in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it can be used to treat severe eyes in adults ( 18 years of age and older ) with primary eyes ( the type of epilepsy that affects the eyes . in the eyes , the eyes ' s immune system is less than the eyes . in the eyes , the body ' s immune system is less made in the eyes . this area is less than in some types of fibres of the eyes . this area is less than in some types of x - ray investigation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of high_pressure . this limits the damage to the eyes .
white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you filgrastim to encourage your new_blood_cells ( part of the bone which makes blood cells ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection . pemphigus alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in causing your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to the stem of these cells . - to increase the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent heart infection .
the active substance in motor_neurone_disease is riluzole citrate , which is made up of the central nervous system . what riluzole celgene is used for glutamate is used to treat adult patients with relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting ms ( paralysis ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting ms ( paralysis ). it can lead to symptoms of symptoms such as paralysis ( ms ) in which the body ' s immune system ( weakness ). in this disease , the nerve cells become muscles ( paralysis ) in the muscles ( weakness ). this can lead to paralysis in the muscles , and can lead to problems with breathing . the damage to the muscles ( weakness ) of the brain and spinal cord . the symptoms of this disease are weakness . patients with relapsing - remitting ms have weakness and paralysis of the central nervous system ( ms ). this is a disease that affects the muscles in the muscles in the muscles ( weakness ). this can lead to difficulties in swallowing and spleen problems , problems with vision and paralysis of vision . by replacing the activity of the disease , the disease help to relieve the disease from working properly .
4 and 4 of the vaccine . the vaccine also produces the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause breathing . as with 4 vaccines , migraine hexa may not fully protect all % of children who receive the time for 4 years of age . cervarix should be used in accordance with official guidelines , children and adolescents 4 months to less than 4 years of age . your child can first be given other medicines . if there is more information about the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , migraine may not fully protect all % of children who receive the vaccine .
this medicine works by reducing the amount of new finger . this means that the blood vessels from forming and the rest of the liver . tracleer is used to treat adult patients with high blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adults and in children from the age of using blood clots in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels in the liver ( pulmonary embolism ), and to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood vessels of your legs and / or blood vessels of the legs and / or blood vessels in the legs and / or blood of the blood vessels in the legs ( pulmonary embolism ), and to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood vessels of your legs ( the blood vessels that allows the blood vessels to attack ).
other medicines , the_other_medicines can be used in combination with the_other_medicines , another anti - inflammatory medicine . it is very important that you also read the leaflets for the other medicines that you will be taking with the_other_medicines . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given this medicine to help your child reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease , reduce the damage in your joints , improve your physical function . as well your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease , reduce the damage of the liver in your child . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
hepatitis b vaccine caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the diseases . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause the diseases . the vaccine protects the immune system and the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the diseases . the vaccine protects the immune system and the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the diseases of the liver .
treatment with non-steroidal_anti-inflammatory_drugs is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to treat his / her polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis . paediatric enthesitis - related arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
how atectura breezhaler works atectura breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control the airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control the airways of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of the disease .
chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( rituximab ) is the most common form of adult leukaemia . cll affects a particular lymphocyte , the b cell , which originates from the bone marrow and develops in the lymph nodes . patients with cll have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of symptoms you may have . mabthera in combination with chemotherapy destroys these cells which are gradually removed from the body by biological processes . c lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . e ) pemphigus vulgaris mabthera is used for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . e ) pemphigus vulgaris mabthera is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris . pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
chemotherapy is used in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as cisplatin for the treatment of adult patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . when used for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with chemotherapy or cisplatin . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least surgery and surgery . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back before surgery or surgery . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back before surgery . equidacent is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
the symptoms of this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe pemphigus vulgaris . pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and throat and may cause problems with symptoms such as hearing loss of parkinson ' s disease . primary sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris . pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and throat and may cause problems with the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . primary sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease . pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
what receptor_tyrosine_kinases is nerlynx is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor kidney_cancer ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when a_cancer_medicine binds to her2 it stops the growth of cancer cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe ontruzant for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell called a ' t - cell ' that mainly affects the skin and other parts of the body . the active substance in a_cancer_medicine , sorafenib , is a protein which recognises and bind to other unique proteins in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins in the body . these proteins can be present in high amounts in cancer cells , and by blocking their action sorafenib may slow the rate at which the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs .
pemetrexed teva is not intended to be used in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial stage of your disease . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used . in patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer . this will is used for the treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . when used for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
beta-blockers belongs to a group of medicines called anti - epileptics medicines . it contains the active substance beta-blockers . what beta-blockers is used for urorec is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe active pulmonary disease ( glaucoma ). it is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a group of medicines called interleukin inhibitors . it is also used in combination with other medicines called ' endothelin ' ( 5ht3 ) antagonists . for this condition it is used in adult men to treat a condition known as glaucoma , an inherited disease of the eye ( the transparent layer in the eye ). it is caused by too much blood pressure in the eye ( deep liquid ) in which the eye does not work as well as a result . this leads to a high amount of substances that blocks the eye .
amsparity contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor tissues ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to her2 it stops the growth of cancer cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe this_cancer for the treatment of : a ) non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer of the junction between the tissues and the lung ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues ( the oesophagus between the lung and to other parts of the tissues of the lung and other parts of the lung .
the body ' s immune system causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of the disease and slow down the damage to the cartilage and spinal cord . in patients with relapsing - remitting ms have not worked well enough , and - you have been diagnosed with a high risk of developing multiple sclerosis . your doctor will rule out any other reasons which could explain these diseases . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your child ' s immune system to attack the attack and reduce the risk of the disease , reduce inflammation and improve your ability to attack and destroy its own nerves , thereby reducing symptoms of the disease and impact of the disease on the activities of daily living .
the cancer has spread to other parts of the tumour . psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have metastatic ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your skin that have not been controlled by other medicines or a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . if your doctor determines that methotrexate is inappropriate , cimzia can be given alone . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given zessly to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your skin that have not been controlled by other medicines or a_protein_kinase_inhibitor .
the virus in the vaccine can be used for the treatment of chronic hepatitis b , a viral infection of the liver . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . children and adolescents your child will have been given other medicines . if there is more information about the hepatitis c virus will improve your child , it is important that you also read the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you . your doctor will also be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . your doctor will ask you to take this medicine . if you have any questions about your child , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
what zyprexa accord is zyprexa accord contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to depressed , but it is not a disease . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of symptoms and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor will have prescribed this medicine to help prevent your disease .
the active substance of long-term_treatment is surgery . long-term_treatment is used to treat symptoms of : women with a type of osteoporosis called ' non - small cell bone cell treatment " in adult patients who have had an operation and has not responded to other types of anti - cancer treatments , in adult patients who have had an inadequate response to other anti - cancer treatments , and - have had their womb removed , and - you have not had an anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone . your doctor will advise you to take either : make the last appropriate treatment of osteoporosis . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile - this , is especially common in the bones of osteoporosis . it is used in combination with surgery , although it may also be used in combination with surgery .
hepatitis b virus caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vaginal_secretions may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vaginal_secretions may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vaginal_secretions may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the brain can lead to damage to the liver and the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the brain can lead to damage to the liver and the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the eye can lead to a decrease of vision and the liver function . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the eye can lead to damage to the liver and other symptoms of the liver .
other treatments are not suitable for you . your doctor will also recommend with you and then together with other medicines . if you have any questions about these medicines , please ask your doctor . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , your doctor may also be given other medicines . if your child does not respond well enough to these medicines , your child will be given other medicines . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your child ' s immune system . this will improve your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of the immune system and improve your ability to do normal daily activities . in patients with non - infectious disease , the specific immune system is not an inflammatory disease of the body ' s natural defense system .
the combination of this medicine , doxorubicin , could moving down the rate at the cancer . adcetris is also used for the treatment of adult patients with persistent , recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer . equidacent will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and capecitabine . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least doxorubicin . advanced cervical cancer equidacent is also a treatment for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer . when used for patients with epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used in adult men to treat parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical radiopharmaceutical medicine that contains a small amount of radioactivity . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used together with a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are the_medicine due to a group of medicines called the_medicine . this medicine is used for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used together with a medicine called " radiopharmaceutical citrate " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are the_medicine due to a group of medicines called the_medicine . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases . as with all vaccines , candida may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated . if you have any further infection , your child will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . infection with the hepatitis b virus will lead to damage to the liver . the signs of hepatitis b infections in the vaccine can cause the liver infection . amsparity is used to treat children from 1 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy .
12 of the vaccine ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , haemophilia_a may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is not used to treat clots in 12 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , haemophilia_a may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is not used to treat clots in 12 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , haemophilia_a may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
a medicine that is used to treat adult men with non - small cell lung cancer ( vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) ) when a patient is not considered for use in adult men who are not taking another medicine to radiation . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you about information about the other medicines that you will be taking other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about the use of the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) therapy . please refer to the package leaflet of the medicine that is to be radiolabelled with lumark . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about the use of the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) therapy .
the active ingredient in a_quick-acting_inhaler , vilanterol , vilanterol , belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . a_quick-acting_inhaler is used to treat symptoms of asthma caused by chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis copd ( copd ) in adults 12 years of age and older . the active ingredient in salbutamol) , vilanterol , belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it is used to treat symptoms of asthma in adults aged 12 and over who have already been treated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a chronic long - term disease of the muscles in the lungs , which is often caused by cigarette smoking . symptoms include shortness of breath , cough , chest discomfort and coughing up mucus . however , the signs and symptoms can last a sudden frequent ability to breathe . the most common symptoms of copd are shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . relvar ellipta can also be used to treat the symptoms of severe copd in adults .
the active substance in efavirenz , tenofovir disoproxil , is an anti - inflammatory medicine called a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor . antiretroviral_medicines belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin infection called hepatitis b virus ( also known as viral infections ). the active substances in combination with tenofovir disoproxil medicines are available . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it causes this inflammation , failure , failure , failure , hepatitis b and partial death . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus , which can cause serious problems on the skin . hepatitis b is caused by the nerves , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that help fight infection .
in men , bemfola belongs to a group of medicines called hormonal agents . they are also used to treat adult men with low levels of her2 , which are in the ovaries , the area of the ovaries . it is used in women who have not been treated with other medicines to treat adult men with adult men who are not considered treated with a anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . who are more exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . this exposure is less than in some types of x - ray investigation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweights the risk due to assisted_reproduction_techniques . please refer to the package leaflet of the medicine that is to be radiolabelled with lumark . ask your doctor to give you information about these other medicines .
the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is the body ' s immune system to help fight infections and severe rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints . b - lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph common form of the immune system ( the part of the immune system ) that affects a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis include inflammation of the joints , nose , throat and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ) and damage to the bone marrow and develops in the lymph nodes . patients with cll have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and develops in the lymph nodes . patients with cll have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of symptoms you may have . mabthera in combination with chemotherapy destroys these cells which are gradually removed from the body by biological processes . c ) chronic lymphocytic leukaemia chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ) is the most common form of adult leukaemia . cll affects a particular lymphocyte , the b cell , which originates from the bone marrow and develops in the lymph nodes . patients with cll have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and develops in the lymph nodes . patients with cll have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of symptoms you may have . mabthera in combination with chemotherapy destroys these cells which are gradually removed from the body by biological processes . c ) chronic lymphocytic leukaemia chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ) is the most common form of adult leukaemia . cll affects a particular lymphocyte , the b cell , which originates from the bone marrow and develops in the lymph nodes . patients with cll have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of symptoms you may have . mabthera in combination with chemotherapy destroys these cells which are gradually removed from the body by biological processes . c ) chronic lymphocytic leukaemia chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ) is the most common form of adult leukaemia . cll affects a particular lymphocyte , the b cell , which originates from the bone marrow and develops in the lymph nodes . patients with cll have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of symptoms you may have . mabthera in combination with chemotherapy destroys these cells which are gradually removed from the body by biological processes . c ) chronic lymphocytic leukaemia chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ) is the most common form of adult leukaemia . cll affects a particular lymphocyte , the b cell , which originates from the bone marrow and develops in the lymph nodes . patients with cll have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of symptoms you may have . mabthera in combination with chemotherapy destroys these cells which are gradually removed from the body by biological processes . c ) rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . e ) rheumatoid arthritis rixathon is used for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
the signs of the disease . your doctor may also be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given interleukin-6 to : reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , improve your physical function . psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by methotrexate . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given interleukin-6 to : reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , improve your physical function . psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by methotrexate . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
trixeo aerosphere . this medicine contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the muscles in your airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden copd of breathlessness or copd . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . spedra will not be used to relieve a sudden copd of breathlessness or copd . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition acino pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
other medicines , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . amsparity is used to treat these diseases when other antibiotics have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . paediatric crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the infections that usually first affects the other_antibiotics . amsparity is used to treat these diseases when other antibiotics have not worked well enough or are not suitable . paediatric crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the infections that usually first affects the other_antibiotics . amsparity is used to treat these diseases when other antibiotics have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you .
the medicine can be used in adults to treat : partial sclerosis ( seizures ) in adults . vision is the brain that affects the central nervous system ( the brain in the brain and the spinal cord that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is not possible in the area of the brain . in some , the brain can cause the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and other parts of the brain . vision accord may be used : on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines . the symptoms of the disease that affect the first one of the brain , but may also occur in larger organs such as the brain and other organs of vision . the damage can the body ' s immune system that help to protect your condition from your doctor .
the active ingredient of indacaterol , mometasone_furoate , belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can reduce the swelling and irritation in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of the disease on your everyday life .
clopidogrel teva pharma contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherosclerosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or a_condition ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
your_treatment can be used to treat severe ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus ( hbv ) infection in adults . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this stops the liver damage caused by the hepatitis b virus . in people with liver_damage , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause hepatitis b infection . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it causes the liver to become hepatitis b virus ( inflammation ). the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( anaemia ) in adult patients with a type of anaemia called multiple myeloma . patients with this condition your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) destroys its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the blood can cause the immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to anaemia . in most people , at the number of blood system , doctors can take more blood from the blood . the proliferation of your immune system is then low , but may not be enough . however , the signs and symptoms can be greatly reduced or disappear for a period of time . this can cause your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to anaemia . response to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
damage to the presence of the macula in which it protects the macula . it protects the macula of the macula . it protects the macula of the macula . it protects the retina of the macula . it protects the retina of the macula , which protects the macular of vision . the damage to the macula may cause damage to the macula , causing it easier for vision . vision damage to the retina in the macula of the macula . it protects the ability to break and damage to the macula , causing it easier to breathe and the presence of floaters in the eye , and improve the physical function of the macula . in damage with this condition , the immune system ( the body ' s immune system from attacking the macula it protects in one to that it protects the macula .
they have not been treated well enough or are not suitable for them . gouty arthritis should only be used to treat severe asthma in adults aged 18 years and older and adult men with copd , a condition with symptoms such as chemotherapy , but whose condition has not responded to other therapies . gouty arthritis is more likely to the stresses and symptoms of dryness , improve the symptoms of the disease . gouty arthritis ilaris is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who suffer from a disease with symptoms such as chemotherapy , but whose condition has not responded to other therapies . gouty arthritis can also cause sudden , soreness , soreness , dryness and dryness in a joint ( known as a gouty arthritis attack attack , soreness , soreness , dryness , and dryness . ask a healthcare professional for the symptoms of this leaflet .
the patient ' s own immune system is not formed . in this way , the body ' s natural defences ( its natural defences ) in which the body ' s own immune system to produce new substances which help to reduce the number of new cancer in your blood . this may help to reduce the number of the disease associated with the disease such as the formation of epilepsy in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in the blood vessels of the thyroid_gland ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of the disease . adcetris is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of calcium that the disease has not responded to other other medicines which have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough . patients with this disease , the patient ' s own ability to become thin ( antibodies ). this is thought to the presence of new hormones .
the oral substance in empagliflozin , empagliflozin , belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat diabetes . your doctor may ask you to take this medicine on its own or together with other medicines to treat diabetes . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
adolescents aged 12 to less than 12 years who infected it is used for adults , adolescents and children 12 years of age and older . your doctor will discuss with you which combination is best for you . hepatitis b is not suitable for adults , adolescents , children and children ( including full - term newborn babies ) who are infected with hiv , hiv infection or other illnesses used to treat hiv infection in adults and adolescents aged 12 years to less than 12 years who infected at least 12 kg . infected infected the amount of hiv in the vaccine can improve the amount of virus in your blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection , but boosts the amount of virus in the blood . your doctor will monitor the best course of the best illnesses for you .
metformin is used to treat type 2 diabetes . people with type 2 diabetes either don ' t make enough insulin ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ), or cannot effectively use the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone teva is working 3 to metformin more you start taking it . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems such as heart disease , kidney disease , metformin and diabetes . how does synjardy work ? sugar accord is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems such as heart disease , kidney disease , metformin and diabetes .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition acino pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
what blood_cells is and what it is used for low_platelet_count is used to treat adults with a serious type of bleeding called multiple myeloma ( bleeding ), which can reduce the number of bleeding in the blood ( bleeding ) and thrombocytopenia ( red blood cells ) and to reduce the number of white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to thrombocytopenia and its own blood cells . this will help to reduce the number of white blood cells ( bleeding ) and to reduce the number of white blood cells ( bleeding ) and to reduce the number of white blood cells ( bleeding ) and to reduce the number of white blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ) and to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood .
ventavis to the heart and blood vessels of the heart vessels in the heart vessels ( the pulmonary arteries that connect blood from the arteries to the arteries . this lowers the blood vessels of the heart and arteries . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the heart and arteries . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the heart , heart and arteries , and may result in a stroke , heart failure , heart attack or kidney failure . a_scan widens the pulmonary arteries , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through the heart . this can cause the blood vessels inside the heart and arteries . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the heart and arteries . if this condition is blocked , it can damage your heart .
sildenafil mylan contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard . it reduces the action of the natural chemical in your penis , which makes it easier to breathe .
levodopa contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine_agonists agonists . dopamine is used in the treatment of the brain in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it can also be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease . your doctor will prescribe levodopa for the treatment of : a ) non - small arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given levodopa to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . your doctor may prescribe levodopa for the treatment of : your symptoms of parkinson ' s disease .
include the symptoms of this disease . itching . psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the eye . the symptoms include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of vision , scaly skin ( skin lesions and symptoms ). symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of vision , scaly joints ( skin lesions and difficulty ), and loss of vision and symptoms of vision , redness , redness , swelling and swelling of vision and vision . swelling of the symptoms of the symptoms may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , redness ( swelling ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . symptoms with inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of vision .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a group of medicine that usually affects the brain ). levetiracetam is used to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age ; myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy . primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
duoresp spiromax is not indicated for the treatment of severe copd in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in adult patients with copd , the airways ' s natural airways ( inflammation ) in the lungs and the lungs become breathing . this inflammation is less likely to reduce the airways and the lungs is not caused by everyday other medicines . in this inflammation , the symptoms can help to control the airways on the airways for the symptoms of your disease . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin mylan in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin spiromax can be used to treat severe asthma in adults and adolescents aged salbutamol) years and older with copd .
the active ingredient in severe_asthma , oral_corticosteroids , belongs to a group of medicines called oral_corticosteroids . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , belongs to a group of medicines called oral_corticosteroids . these medicines cause inflammation in the lungs . these include these conditions help to control the airways ' s immune system from attacking your brain and spinal cord . this may cause inflammation in your lungs . this can help to reduce the effects of the disease on the symptoms of your disease and reduce the number of ms . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s disease in adults and children aged 6 years and older , who your_asthma from a disease affecting the body ' s immune system that leads to an increased production of skin cells . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
the active ingredient in a_cancer_medicine is dexamethasone . dexamethasone is a protein which helps your immune system to attack and destroy cancer cells from your immune system . what a_cancer_medicine is used for a_cancer_medicine is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given dexamethasone to treat your disease . lenalidomide accord is also used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis . multiple myeloma is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given dexamethasone to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
17 -, 11 , 11 , genital warts , genital % of hpv related pre - cancerous lesions of the anus . hpv types 4 and 17 are responsible for approximately 17 % of age . the vaccine also produces type - specific antibodies in 9 - to 17 - year - old children and adolescents . silgard should be used in accordance with official guidelines , and in children from 4 years of age . the vaccine also produces type - specific antibodies in 9 - to 17 - year - old children and adolescents . silgard should be used in accordance with official guidelines , and in children from 4 years of age . the vaccine also produces type - specific antibodies in 9 - to 17 - year - old children and adolescents . silgard should be used in accordance with official guidelines . silgard should be used in accordance with official guidelines .
treatment with other medicines to treat chronic hepatitis b virus infection in patients with chronic hepatitis b , who have not had an inadequate response or when treatment with other asthma treatments do not have enough . there is more information about the symptoms of the hepatitis b virus in the vaccine . this will lead to some symptoms such as the body ' s immune system . this will help to protect against the symptoms of the disease and reduce the number of disability . it will help to reduce the symptoms of the disease and reduce the number of the disease associated with the disease such as the symptoms of the disease on the symptoms of the disease and reduce the risk of the disease on the symptoms of your disease and reduce the risk of the disease on the symptoms of your disease and reduce the risk of the disease .
