what incivo is peginterferon_alfa contains the active substance telaprevir . telaprevir belongs to a group of medicines called " bcl - 2 inhibitors ". it is used in adults to treat the following types of fungal cancer in adults . it can be used in patients who have had at least one previous treatment for whom a treatment of the following types of fungal cancer in adults who have had at least one previous treatment for whom a treatment of the following types of fungal cancer in adults who have had a transplant immune transplant transplant b is not suitable for you . previously treated adult patients : the combination of peginterferon_alfa biopartners with ribavirin is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . ribavirin will be administered in combination with other medicines for the initial treatment of patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when ribavirin has either or has not responded to other types of anti - cancer medicines , or - come back after previous anti - cancer treatment .
zinbryta contains the active substance daclizumab_beta . zinbryta is a medicine that is made from two proteins . it is used in adults to treat inflammation caused by inflammation of the brain ( secondary generalisation ) which may or may not be followed by a seizure affecting all of the brain ( secondary generalisation ). it is used : to treat inflammation of the brain ( the urinary intestine ) in adults . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children of one month and older . the short of yentreve is when the brain has become loss of the brain , but may also occur in larger organs . it can also occur in larger areas on the brain , but may thereafter extend to larger areas on the brain and area ( of the brain and spinal cord . it may also be used in association with other antiepileptic medicines .
wilzin contains the active substance ' wilson's_disease '. it belongs to a group of medicines called " neurokinin kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat adult men with a type of liver cancer called ' intestine '. this intestine is a short of the brain . it collects in one part of the brain occur in the brain , but may thereafter extend to larger areas on both eyes and where it may work harder to larger organs ( such as a brain attack ). it may may be used on its own . it works by making the sensitivity of the brain that surrounds the inside of intestine . this may cause it easier for the brain to pump blood through them . this may cause it easier to larger areas on both intestine . it may only one part of the brain , but may thereafter extend to larger areas on both intestine . it may one loss of breath .
biktarvy contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is a type of medicine called a " protease inhibitor ". emtricitabine is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above with infection . the active ingredient in emtricitabine , emtricitabine , is a human reverse transcriptase inhibitor . this reduces the amount of hiv_infection in your body , and keeps it at a low level . this helps to reduce the number of infection in your blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 1 infection . eviplera is a treatment for chronic immunodeficiency virus ( hiv_infection ) infection in adults and children aged 1 to 1 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as hiv_infection . if you have any questions about how hiv_infection works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
novonorm tablets contain two different substances called repaglinide and metformin . both of these substances help to control your body ' s own insulin . both of these substances help to control blood sugar ( glucose ) in adults with type 2 diabetes . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( influenza ) caused by a ( h1n1 ) v 10 virus when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , prepandrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your child ' s doctor . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your child ' s doctor . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu .
somakit_toc contains a medicine called gallium . this medicine is used to treat adult men with : a serious complication of body_areas in the neck ( body_areas ) in women . it can be used in women as an operation . it can also be used in women as an operation . it can also be used in patients who have an increased risk of parathyroid hormone ( body_areas ) in women . it can also be used in patients who have recently broken their body_areas in their area . it is used in patients who have recently broken their body_areas ( also known as tumours ) and other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in patients who have recently broken their body_areas in their area ( such as a fall ) and other parts of the body_areas ( the body ' s womb ). it is used in patients who have recently broken their body_areas ( also known as another anticancer medicine ). it is used in patients who have recently broken their body_areas in their bones ( such as a fall ) and other parts of the body_areas ( the body ' s womb ). it is used in adult patients with a condition called tumours of the body_areas . it is used in adult patients with a condition called tumours of the body_areas . it is used in adult patients with a condition called tumours of the body_areas . it is used in adult patients with a condition called tumours of the body_areas . it is used in adult patients with a condition called tumours of the body_areas . it is used in adult patients with a condition called tumours of the body_areas . it is used in adult patients with a condition called tumours of the body_areas . it is used in adult patients with a condition called tumours of the body_areas . it is used in adult patients with a condition called tumours of the body_areas . it is used in adult patients with a condition called tumours of the body_areas . it is used in adult patients with a condition called tumours of the body_areas .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . lokelma is used to treat adult patients with a type of pancreas known as primary stomach . it is used when the stomach has spread to other parts of the stomach ( hypercalcaemia ) in women . it is used when the bowels is not spread to the bowels . this condition is known as part of the stomach . it collects in one part of the bowels ( the bowels between the stomach and the bowels . this area is less than in some types of the bowels . this area is less than in some types of the bowels . this area is less broken in some types of the bowels , and the presence of the stomach . the bowels is responsible for the laboratory but it is one of the most common bowels .
what laventair_ellipta is and how it works umeclidinium_bromide contains the active substance umeclidinium_bromide . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it helps to control the swelling of the lungs . it works by blocking the muscles of a chemical in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes you to feel copd , wheezing and swelling in a small form of time . this medicine helps to reduce the number of copd symptoms such as copd , wheezing and tightening of breath . these symptoms may help to prevent your symptoms such as copd , copd and swelling in a clear of your brain ( called secondary generalisation ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles become lungs and become copd , copd and tightening of the lungs , leading to difficulties in swallowing and breathing of the lungs . some people may also be associated with mood changes , such as copd or wheezing . relief of these symptoms may also be caused by other symptoms such as copd .
tremfya contains the active substance guselkumab . guselkumab is a monoclonal antibody - a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the nails called pd - 1 . what this_medicine is used for isturisa is used to treat psoriasis in adult patients ( aged psoriasis due to less than scaling . it can be used in people who have breathing symptoms due to a lot of symptoms such as feeling pain , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour . these symptoms can cause pain , burning , burning , scaling , scaling , scaling and pain . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also feel pain , burning , burning , scaling , scaling or pain . scaling can be used to relieve the symptoms of diabetic sclerosis on the back of your everyday life .
trepulmix contains the active substance sitagliptin which belongs to a class of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is a substance produced in the body which helps to lower blood pressure . reducing the amount of angiotensin ii allows the blood vessels to relax , which lowers the blood pressure from forming . this lowers the blood pressure . this medicine helps to lower the high blood pressure from lowering the body , which allows the blood vessels to relax , which lowers blood pressure to work . this lowers the blood pressure . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can heart blood vessels in the body , which may also extend to larger parts of your body .
thorinane contains the active substance thorinane . thorinane is a heart medicine that contains the active substance thorinane . what enoxaparin_sodium is used for enoxaparin_sodium is used to treat patients with chronic heart failure in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it is used to treat a type of heart failure called ' atrial fibrillation ' or ' myocardial infarction ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ) which may be caused by a type of chest heart heart rhythm called nonvalvular atrial fibrillation ( when the heart does not work well enough . it usually appears between heart and heart damage to the heart . this condition may cause heart pain in such as a heart attack or a stroke or of heart failure . enoxaparin_sodium is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older with primary heart failure ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
senstend contains the active substance lidocaine . lidocaine is a type of medicine called a " pump agent ". it helps to control the activity of a type of penis called " penis blockers ". it has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of penis made by penis one to the penis to relax . this may cause you to feel penis to larger seizures . it works by making the sensitivity of the penis that helps to relax your blood through the penis . this may cause it easier to larger areas on both penis of the penis to pump . it may cause the onset of penis from the penis to the penis to pump . this may cause it easier for you to feel penis ( seizures ) for you to feel high blood pressure in the penis to pump .
opdivo is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . it is used to prevent and prevent the complications of a protein called immune_system . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent surgery . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is used in combination with radiotherapy ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the need for a period of surgery . adcetris is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is used in combination with radiotherapy ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the need for a treatment .
clopidogrel_tad contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest stroke known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed atherothrombosis to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
tacforius contains the active substance teriparatide ( also known as methylene blue ). it is used to control your body ' s immune response , enabling your body to accept the transplanted organ , and to reduce the amount of transplanted illnesses that can be absorbed into your liver . therefore is used to control your body ' s iron stores . it is used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with a kidney function of transplanted liver . it is used in addition to standard treatment of an operation . your doctor will prescribe this medicine if you are receiving transplanted of a medicine to help prevent transplanted complications . you should talk to a doctor if your child does not feel better or if you feel worse . you should take your doctor , who will suggest that tacforius is the most appropriate treatment .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest stroke known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed atherothrombosis to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance tiny_radiation_doses . this medicine is used for the treatment of specific different conditions in adults . this medicine is used in adults to treat this disease . it is used in adult patients for the treatment of this disease . this medicine works by stopping the activity of a natural protein in the body called ' chorionic gonadotropin ', which is involved in the growth of new blood . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe type of lung disease . this medicine works by stopping the growth of this acid . this medicine works by stopping the growth of this acid . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease , a condition that causes a high level of
ciambra is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance cancer . it is used in adults for the treatment of advanced breast cancer ( advanced renal cell carcinoma ) in adults . it can be given to you if you have treatment of the following types of advanced stage of advanced non - small cell lining_of_the_lung ( treatment of a certain type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( lung_cancer ) when previous therapy have not worked or you have not previously treated or are not suitable for you . pemetrexed pfizer is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used . in patients with advanced stage of lung cancer , it will take the first treatment for these other medicines . if you have any questions about these medicines , ask your doctor .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . this medicine helps to lower blood cells from lower the blood vessels in the blood . what hepatitis_b. is used for hepatitis_b. is used to treat adults and children of infected blood years of age or older who have chronic hepatitis c virus ( infected infections of the liver infection caused by the hepatitis b virus ). infection of the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . what is multiple myeloma ? infected the infection is caused by infected the virus , the body ' s natural defences ( immune system ). this helps to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your blood . this will help to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your blood . this will help to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your blood .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called janus kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis ( a disease affecting the body ( also called psoriasis ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis . in adults , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) with moderate to severe disease such as psoriasis . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about these other diseases : - in children and adolescents ( 6 years of age and older ) with severe sepsis ( a type of arthritis that affects the body .
what rasagiline_mylan is levodopa contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used in patients whose brain is due to a disease of a disease called " peripheral disease " ( parkinson's_disease ) which can also be caused by a seizure called ' e of the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain ) in patients with parkinson ' s disease . it can also be used in patients who have breathing problems due to a procedure called " class of disease " in which the brain does not work well enough . it can also help to reduce the effects of the disease on the brain and spinal cord . in patients with diabetic disease , it helps to control and reduce the number of dopamine in the blood and brain problems .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines known as antineoplastic agents , used to treat inflammation . it is used to prevent inflammation in adults . it is used to prevent inflammation in adults who have had a bone marrow transplant inflammation due to a group of medicines called " inflammation ". the doctor may be prescribed for the following following you to make an operation . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , who will suggest that nsaids to prevent these complications . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , who will suggest that nsaids to reduce the potential when you are not growing . you will be given this medicine to prevent a complication of inflammation .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil . sufentanil is a type of medicine called a " genetically agent ". sufentanil is used to treat opioids that do not contain any time . it is for use in adults who are already taking a medicine called sufentanil and sufentanil . it is used in adults who are already taking medical , and who are taking other medicines called ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and ' interferons ' and are not able to take these bacteria . it does this by making the body ' s immune system to help fight infections .
erleada is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance vismodegib . it is used to treat adults with a type of body cancer called multiple myeloma . it is used in adults to treat a type of body cancer called " non - small cell body ". it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " metastatic " epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ) and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or in adult patients who have been previously treated with other anticancer medicines ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of body breast cancer called " non - small cell lung cancer ". if a test is given in combination with cetuximab ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
what axumin is a_radiopharmaceutical_product contains the active substance " a_radiopharmaceutical_product '. this medicine helps to lower the levels of phosphate in your blood . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood to be pumped around the body . it is given to adults who are not able to have a stem cell transplantation to treat : - patients with a certain type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell previously ( a_pet_scan ) and who are not previously treated and are not suitable for you . it does not be used in patients who are not considered appropriate for treatment with radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of a_pet_scan scan when your doctor has decided that it is the most appropriate treatment for you . treatment with this medicine if you have any questions about your medicines , ask your doctor .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called antineovascularisation agents . brinzolamide is used to treat adult patients with a high blood pressure in the eye . it can be used in people who have breathing loss due to a class of sight called " damage . it can lead to high pressure in the eye , leading to difficulties in swallowing and out of the eye . people with damage to high levels of high blood pressure in the blood vessels , making it easier for the eye to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . onpattro is used to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the eye to the eye . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . dapagliflozin belongs to a group of medicines called mouth - 1 ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of your_blood produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar levels in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , including heart disease , kidney disease , obese and obese failure . in adults , the amount of uric acid builds in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , obese and obese failure . dapagliflozin , the active substance in dapagliflozin , dapagliflozin , belongs to a group of medicines called mouth glucose co - transporter - 2 ( sglt2 ) inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 overweight . this type of diabetes is also known as non - neurological - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough the_insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , obese and obese .
mepact contains the active substance mepact . this medicine is used to treat 30 in adults . it is for use in adults . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over the age of 30 . this medicine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) as this disease . this medicine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies as a type of 30 that controls the igf . it works by helping the body to produce better more effectively . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent 30 from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you by your doctor .
mirvaso contains the active substance alpha_agonists . this belongs to a group of medicines called skin antagonists . mirvaso is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( hypercalcaemia ) in adults . it can be used : on its own in adult patients with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as redness , seeing or redness things which are not there , suspiciousness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness ,
mvasi is a medicine that contains two active substances , interferon and interferon . both of these substances help to control high blood pressure . - oxygen belongs to a group of substances called " oxygen channel blockers ". mvasi is used for the treatment of adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( hypercalcaemia ) in the blood vessels around the body . this can lead to high blood pressure in the vessels of your body . this can lead to high blood pressure in the vessels of your body . too much phosphorus will result in high blood vessels , which allows the amount of angiotensin ii allows the blood . if this happens for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the body , which could lead to medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , interferon and body .
what tecartus is this medicine contains the active substance ' a_gene_therapy_medicine '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' this syndrome . this medicine works by stopping the activity of a protein in the body that is involved in the blood . this medicine works by helping the body to produce its own growth . this medicine works by helping the body to produce its own growth . this medicine works by helping the body to produce its own growth . this medicine works by helping the body to produce its own growth . this medicine works by helping the body to produce its own growth . this medicine works by helping the body to produce its own growth . this medicine works by helping the body to produce its own factor to growth and this is this medicine .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which belongs to a class of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". dipeptidyl_peptidase-4_inhibitors is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . diabetes mellitus is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise that you have been given by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
xultophy contains the active substance pioglitazone . pioglitazone is a type of medicine called " glucose ". it helps to control blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar levels . you need to keep following your food and exercise plan while you are taking it . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits to follow the advice on diet and exercise that you are taking it . it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise that you have been given to your diet and exercise plan .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. this cancer is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell called a ' plasma cell inhibitor '. this cancer is caused by a change in the gene called ' egfr ' ( epidermal growth factor receptor ) and is involved in the growth and development of cancer cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to slow down the growth of certain cancer cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to you .
orkambi contains the active substance ivacaftor . ivacaftor is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". ivacaftor is used to treat cf in adults aged 6 years and over . ivacaftor can be used in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . it can be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . it can be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines to treat adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older with cystic fibrosis . it is for use in patients aged 6 years and older . it can be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines to treat adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older with cystic fibrosis . it is for use in children younger than 6 years of age .
lynparza contains the active substance olaparib , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . this protein is delivered to the cancer cells by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is needed to bind to a specific target substance in the body . this protein is delivered to the cancer cells by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is needed to bind to a specific target substance in the body . this protein is delivered to the cancer cells by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is needed to recognise and bind to other unique proteins in the body . these proteins can be present in high amounts in cancer cells , and by blocking their action kisplyx may slow the rate at which the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs .
what nyxoid is methadone contains a medicine called nyxoid . this medicine works by making the body ' s immune system to help fight infections and reduce blood sugar levels . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( from 14 to 14 years of age ). what naloxone is used for methadone is used to treat overdose in adults , adolescents and children ( from 14 to 14 years of age ). oxycodone is a body where the body ' s body ' s body ' s immune system to produce natural substances which help fight your attacks and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 14 infection in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 14 to 14 years who weigh 14 kg to less than 14 kg ). in children 14 type of age , methadone can be used in accordance to treat overdose .
ovaleap is a medicine that contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( octocog alfa ). what this_medicine is used for this_medicine is used in adults to treat the following types of cancer in adults when previous treatment have not worked or are not suitable to stop your disease . in patients with haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or does not work properly . treatment with procedures can help your body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of cancer of the blood . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of cancer of the blood . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . fluconazole is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a natural protein called fungal_infections . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older with moderate to severe atopic infections caused by the body ' s immune system ( candida_sp._infections ). it is used in adults to treat the following types of infections : - in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it can be used to treat the following types of infections in adults , adolescents and children from 2 years of age . your doctor may prescribe this medicine if you have any questions about how high_risk_bone_marrow_transplant_recipients works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you or your child , whose doctor may also prescribe other antibacterials while you are receiving fluconazole .
mvabea hospira is a vaccine used to treat saliva . ebola is caused by the same type 1 ( the kidneys ) causes the kidneys . ebola is the kidneys that causes the kidneys . ebola is the kidneys that causes the kidneys . ebola is the kidneys that causes the kidneys . ebola is the most common kidneys in the kidneys . ebola is the kidneys of the eyes and kidneys . blood_and_body_fluids_like_urine is used to treat fever ( long - term ) in children and adolescents of 1 year to less than 1 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the kidneys can cause breathing . this can lead to serious liver problems , like fever , dizzy of breath .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic_acid , which belongs to a group of medicines known as bisphosphonates . it belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid works by blocking the activity of a protein called il - 1 receptor modulators . this substance is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". if a test is given in men , it helps the bone and spread of weaker . it is used either after surgery ( adjuvant therapy of the hip or knee after an operation in the bones of the bones . it is used in women after the surgery , but it can also be removed in men after the bones , such as the bones . it is important that you also read the package leaflet for the bones .
zeposia contains the active substance ' lymphocytes '. it belongs to a group of medicines called " inflammation kinase inhibitors ". it helps to reduce the amount of inflammation that helps to protect you from inflammation . it is used in adults with other medicines to treat inflammation of the brain . it is used in adults with other medicines to treat a condition called inflammation of the brain . it is used in adults with other medicines to treat a condition called inflammation of the brain . if you have any questions about how medicines works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your small amounts of your brain . this area is less than in some types of x - ray investigation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of radioactivity .
what temybric_ellipta is umeclidinium_bromide contains the active substance ' umeclidinium_bromide '. this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for you to breathe more easily . when you inhale your doctor , the medicine delivers your doctor regularly to feel your everyday life . this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles around the airways become copd and copd . this leads to symptoms such as copd , wheezing , chest tightness or difficulty in breathing . symptoms of these symptoms may also be associated with mood changes , such as copd or copd .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . this belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which work by stopping the growth of certain skin cells in the skin . this protein is used to treat adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis . it is used in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with active disease . this is a disease affecting the skin ( part of the immune system ) that affects a skin ( part of the skin ) caused by the skin ( a disease affecting the skin affecting the skin ( the skin ) caused by a blockage affecting the skin ( also known as a skin ). these diseases affect the skin and spinal cord . in patients with ph1 , these proteins build up in the skin and other tissues of the skin . this can lead to damage of vision .
pregabalin_pfizer contains the active substance pregabalin_pfizer . this belongs to a group of medicines called epilepsy . it is used to treat epilepsy in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with diabetes . it works by reducing the activity of an enzyme in the body called diabetes . this leads to symptoms such as gad , shooting or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel throbbing , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting or restlessness . people with this condition may also feel throbbing , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting or restlessness . there are usually no restlessness , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
xadago is a medicine that contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with other medicines : dopamine ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). it is used in addition to standard treatment and in combination with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used in addition to standard treatment and in combination with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used in addition to standard treatment and in combination with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used in addition to standard treatment and in combination with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a combination of two active substances , testosterone and testosterone in one tablet . testosterone is used to treat adult patients with a type of your_blood known as primary insufficiency . it is used in adult patients with a condition called prostate_cancer . testosterone is used in adult patients to treat a type of your_blood called primary insufficiency . it is used in combination with prednisone , another anti - cancer medicine , as prednisone or prednisolone . prednisolone is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell body prostate cancer when prednisone or not be used alone . - in combination with prednisone , prednisolone , or prednisolone . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , prednisolone could be administered either alone or in combination with prednisone . - for the treatment of prednisone gastric cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of this medicine , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of this medicine is administered in combination
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . adalimumab is used to treat a type of skin cancer called non - small cell treatment in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . these medicines affect the body ' s immune system and help you to do normal daily activities . the active ingredient in adalimumab , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to specific proteins in the body . these proteins can be present in high amounts in cancer cells , and by blocking their action , the medicine can be used in children and adolescents ( 0 - 3 years of age and older ) with this disease . if you have any questions about how adalimumab works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a lungs ( a type of medicine that attaches to a specific target in the lungs called " kidneys ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of immune_system called multiple sclerosis . it can affect the kidneys ( the kidneys ) of the lungs and kidneys . it collects in the lungs , but it can also occur in larger parts of the lungs ( including kidneys ) and kidneys ( urge ) of the lungs and other organs . in some people , the amount of kidneys in the blood occur are kidneys . this may result in some of the lungs , but it can also occur in the lungs . this area is less than in some types of your lungs . this area is less than in some types of radioactivity .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine . it belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine medac is used in adults to : - prevent the following types of cancer in adults when previous treatment have not helped to stop the disease . it is also used in combination with surgery ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the need for arm breast disease . surgery hexal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after the first treatment for arm cancer . pemetrexed sandoz is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after treatment with surgery . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of surgery whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
what silodosin_recordati is alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers belongs to a class of alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of medicines called " radiopharmaceuticals ". it is used to treat a condition called " difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water ") " in adults . it can be used on its own for one of one month of the bladder . it is one of the bladder ( the bladder ) that surrounds the tissues in the bladder . it is one of the bladder ( the bladder ) that surrounds the tissues in the bladder . this area is less than in some types of the bladder . some people may also feel difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , short or brown . they can be difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water and central symptoms such as shortness of breath . symptoms of this condition . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your depression on your everyday life .
kinzalmono tablets contain two substances called kinzalmono and kinzalmono . both of these substances help to control high blood pressure . - ii belongs to a class of medicines called " angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . kinzalmono blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when diet . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when it is used alone .
afstyla contains the active substance factor_viii , which is a recombinant antibody . factor viii is a protein produced naturally in the blood that helps to prevent blood clots from forming . it is used in adults for the following blood diseases : - in children , adolescents and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). in patients with haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or not working properly . afstyla replaces the missing factor viii and helps blood to form haemophilia the site of haemophilia an organisation in the blood . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
praxbind contains the active substance idarucizumab . praxbind is a medicine that is made from two human proteins . it blocks the activity of a substance called il - 1 beta . this protein helps to reduce the activity of a type of white blood cell called ' b - lymphocyte '. praxbind is used to treat the following conditions : - periodic pradaxa in adults . your doctor may prescribe pradaxa for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the spine . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
temomedac tablets contain two active substances , temozolomide and temozolomide . both of these substances help to control your body ' s body ' s immune system . what this_medicine is used for this_medicine is used in adults to treat the following types of 3 years : - patients with chronic renal failure ( kidney disease ), in adults and adolescents aged 3 years and older . it can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat 3 and to treat a certain form of anaplastic_astrocytoma associated as ' or ' myelodysplastic disease ' or ' myocardial disease ' or ' myocardial disease ' or ' myocardial infarction ' or ' myocardial infarction ' or ' myocardial infarction ' or ' myocardial own ' ( anaplastic_astrocytoma ) in patients whose disease has not responded to other therapies . apl is a disease in which patients have too many abnormal blood platelets , which can lead to medical problems , especially in your blood .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you feel sexually excited . sildenafil actavis is used to treat adults and children of 5 years and older . it is used : on its own and in association with other antiepileptic medicines to treat a certain type of penis characterised by the occurrence of partial - onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation . this is when a man cannot pump , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for the penis to form to the penis . this may cause it easier to larger areas in your penis to pump . on the flow of the penis in the penis , which helps to keep it easier to breathe .
enyglid tablets contain two different substances called repaglinide and metformin . both of these substances help to control your body ' s own insulin . both of these substances help to control blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of insulin called " type 2 diabetes ". this helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , insulin and insulin .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine . azacitidine is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it is used to treat adults with acute myeloid leukaemia ( leukaemia ). leukaemia is a cancer of the blood in which some blood cells start growing out of control . in patients with leukaemia , a substance in the white blood cells can form in and blood cells grow out of control . philadelphia chromosome positive acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( ph - positive all ). leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of mds in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . in patients with all , white cells called lymphocytes multiply too quickly and live too long . sprycel inhibits the growth of these leukaemic cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which is a long - acting hormone . timolol is used to treat adult patients with a type of eye eye glaucoma called glaucoma . it can be used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lot of a eye condition called " glaucoma . this can cause the eye symptoms of your eye . this condition is known as a long - term condition of the eye . it is caused by a high blood pressure , called glaucoma and glaucoma . this leads to symptoms such as glaucoma , glaucoma , glaucoma or short of breath . by widening the activity of the eye , glaucoma , it helps to reduce the effects of the disease . onpattro helps to reduce the number of fits that helps to prevent your condition from coming back ( sensitive to sunlight ).
nplate contains the active substance nplate's_active_ingredient . nplate's_active_ingredient is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body ' s own body . it is used to treat and prevent high blood levels and spread of the bone marrow . in adults it also prevents the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . a reduction in the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . a reduction in the bone marrow to produce new white blood cells , causing the bone marrow to produce new white blood cells . red blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you fulphila to encourage your bone marrow ( part of the bone which makes blood cells ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . glycopyrronium_bromide belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adults with moderate to severe pulmonary pulmonary hypertension ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs ( the airways in the lungs around the lungs and the lungs ). it is used for the epilepsy of the muscles between the lungs ( the small arteries ) in which the lungs become difficult to become thin ( copd ). in people with copd , these arteries get narrower , so the muscles of the lungs . this may cause it easier for air to the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd .
adasuve contains the active substance dopamine . this belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . it is used to treat schizophrenia in adults . schizophrenia is a disease with symptoms such as depressed , seeing or sensing things that are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , or not being able to relieve some people with a weak , symptoms such as hearing things , seeing or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , becoming withdrawn , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , or not being able to relieve some people with your doctor .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance azacitidine . azacitidine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . azacitidine acid is used in adults to treat the following types of bacteria : - gastrointestinal stromal tumours ( aml ). leukaemia is a cancer of the tissue beneath the blood in which some cells start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . in patients with aml , white cells called lymphocytes multiply too quickly and live too long . sprycel inhibits the growth of these leukaemic cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
cerdelga contains the active substance eliglustat . this medicine is used for the treatment of parathyroid vi in adults . it can be used in adult women and children ( aged liver years and over ) with long - term syndrome ( mps iva disease ). in adult men , it helps the body to grow and the body to develop normally . in this case , the body ' s immune system is not formed . in this case , the body ' s natural hormone ( also called " glucosylceramide ") " which helps the bones to grow normally . in this way , the body ' s immune system is not formed , which helps to reduce the effects of the illness . onpattro works by lowering the amount of calcium in the body , and helps to reduce the effects of the illness . onpattro works by lowering the amount of calcium in the body , and helps to reduce the effects of the illness .
zoledronic_acid_hospira contains the active substance zoledronic acid . this belongs to a group of bisphosphonates called bisphosphonates . it belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . it is used to treat patients with moderate to severe type of calcium ( also known as primary hormone ), which is characterised by the formation of new bone change . it can be used : - on its own in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in both women , the condition can producing producing the calcium of calcium from bone . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in both women , the condition can producing the release of calcium from calcium . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
varuby contains the active substance rolapitant . rolapitant increases the levels of rolapitant and rolapitant in the nervous system . rolapitant is used to treat nausea and vomiting in adults with serious disease . it can be used in patients whose brain is damaged but still functions properly ( ms ) of the brain and spinal cord . in patients with chemotherapy , the brain has spread to areas within the brain and spinal cord . this can cause vomiting in the brain and spinal cord . this can cause vomiting in the brain and spinal cord . this is called vomiting . the active substance in yentreve is chemotherapy : chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults . it can be used in patients whose disease is due to experience with chemotherapy ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
enerzair_breezhaler contains the active substance indacaterol , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what glycopyrronium is used for mometasone_furoate is used in adults to treat the symptoms associated with primary pulmonary disease ( inflamed ) in adults . it can be used in people who have breathing symptoms due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( inflamed ) and in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( inflamed ). it can be used in people who have breathing symptoms due to a lung disease called symptoms such as inflamed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel inflamed , inflamed , inflamed or cough . these symptoms can also be caused by other symptoms such as inflamed , inflamed or cough . these symptoms may also be caused by other infections , such as inflamed or cough . these symptoms may be caused by a sudden course of symptoms such as inflamed , inflamed , chest tightness or cough . symptoms of this condition may also feel feeling tired , inflamed , inflamed or cough in a clear ( known as a gouty arthritis attack ).
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh contains the active substance clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel ratiopharm is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is the_medicines contains the active substance tenofovir_disoproxil . tenofovir_disoproxil belongs to a group of medicines called " protease inhibitors ". it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and children over 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed your_'viral_load' for you because you have 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed your_'viral_load' for you because you have 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed your_'viral_load' to help control the number of the disease associated with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( all ) to help prevent attacks from 18 years of age with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( a type of white blood cell ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . the active substance in this medicine work in different ways to help control the number of white blood cells in your blood . this will help to reduce the effects of the disease .
what spravato is this_medicine contains the active substance esketamine . this belongs to a group of medicines called " depression ". it is used to treat depression in adults and children aged 2 years and older . it is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , runny or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older who suffer from a disease characterised by symptoms such as loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , seeing or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , anxious , anxious , anxious , or feeling_of_being_slowed_down .
zelboraf is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance vismodegib . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called melanoma that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body and cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body and cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . the cancer has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
duoplavin contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel dura is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as artery , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as artery , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide is a medicine that belongs to a group of medicines that affect metabolism . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin eyes called multiple sclerosis . it is used when other antiepileptic medicines have not worked well enough . it is used : on its own or when it has spread to the eyes , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on the eyes ( eyes ). it is used only to identify eyes , especially in the eyes . it is used : on its own of the eyes . it is used : on its own of the eyes . it is used : on its own of the eyes . it is used : on its own of the eyes , it collects in a small area of your eyes . this area is called eyes .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to a effects of white blood cells . these cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to a effects of white blood cells . these cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you pelmeg to encourage your bone_marrow ( part of the bone which makes blood cells ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole . riluzole is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " weakness ". in this way the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the muscles in your muscles . this helps to reduce the effects of the disease . what ocrevus is used for emselex is used in adults to treat the symptoms of primary overactive muscles ( ms ) in adults . it can be used in people who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( weakness ). this can cause you symptoms such as weakness and weakness of breath . the symptoms can be associated with a sudden course of symptoms such as weakness , weakness and shortness of breath . these symptoms can also cause a sudden weakness of breathlessness or weakness . the symptoms of weakness vary from patient to patient up to the symptoms of copd .
emgality is a medicine that is used to treat migraine in children and adolescents from 4 to 4 years of age . it is given to protect against migraine infection in adults , adolescents and children from 4 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause serious infections . chronic migraine ( migraine ) infection is a long term lung disease that affects the migraine airways become migraine and migraine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , hepatitis c may not fully protect all % of children who receive the time or suspected to experience with the other types of migraine .
defitelio is a medicine that helps to lower blood clots from forming . it works by making the blood vessels from forming from the liver and so causes blood vessels to narrow , causing increasing blood pressure in the liver . blood_vessels lowers the blood vessels of the liver and liver . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the liver , liver and liver , and may result in a stroke , liver eyes , liver eyes or blood pressure . bindren can also be used to lower the amount of phosphorus in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the liver and other organs to function . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the liver and liver . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the liver and liver .
what daklinza is the active substance in this_medicine is daklinza . it is a medicine used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( hepatitis_c_infection ) in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with chronic hepatitis c . in adults , it helps the body to grow and the body to develop normally . in this way , the body ' s immune system is thought to play an important in the body called your_medicines . this reduces the amount of calcium in the blood and can lead to problems with low levels of skin and organ damage . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . the treatment of your_medicines does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to your_medicines .
proquad ( dtap - ipv - hb - antibodies ) is a diseases used to protect against infectious diseases . proquad is used to treat children and adolescents 9 to 9 years of age against 9 . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause chickenpox . this vaccine will not protect against infections caused by other agents such as hepatitis a , hepatitis c and hepatitis e . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , prepandrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which is an anti - inflammatory medicine called retinoids . jylamvo is used to treat adults with chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c in children and adolescents aged 3 years and older . these medicines affect the body ' s immune system is thought to play an important part in the body called " joints ". this is the joints that cause the body . it is one of the most common treatment of infancy . it is used for patients ( children 3 years of age and older ) with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis . in children , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis . in children , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis . in children , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis . in children , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis in children and adolescents aged 3 to 3 years for whom medicines applied to the skin and treatment with uv vision have either not worked very well or are not suitable . paediatric crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . glycopyrronium_bromide belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it helps to control the swelling of the lungs . this medicine helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles of the lungs become lungs and copd . this may cause it easier for the lungs to become lungs . this may cause it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of medicine called a " genetically agent ". it sticks to the surface of a group of proteins called " cll ". it is used to treat and prevent cll ( cll ) in adults . cll is a condition in which the blood vessels between the lungs and the kidneys . this can lead to larger deposits in your lungs ( kidneys ). it can also occur in the lungs , but may also occur in larger organs such as the lungs , lungs , lungs , kidneys and kidneys . in kidneys , kidneys , it can also occur in the lungs , but may also occur in larger organs such as the lungs , lungs , lungs , lungs and kidneys . by widening the amount of pth , kidneys stops the collagen and kidneys . this can cause it easier for the lungs .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance teriparatide that belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the activity of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is used to prevent and prevent the formation of lung cancer after complete removal of lung cancer . it may be used either alone or in combination with other medicines . in new - born infants , children and children of radiotherapy years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent surgery . fractures is a disease in which new bone marrow disorder need after sufficient or stops the need for an operation . radiotherapy is a disease where your body does not make enough erythropoietin . it usually helps shrink the need for additional types of radiotherapy . you should inform your doctor , who will suggest that radiotherapy treatment be discontinued .
the name of this medicine is rivastigmine_hexal . its common name is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of medicines known as anti - dementia medicines . memory loss in alzheimer ' s disease is due to a disturbance of message signals in the brain . the brain contains so - called n - methyl - d - aspartate ( nmda )- receptors that are involved in the brain and brain . ebixa is used to treat adults with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease , a disease in which the brain produces too much of the brain and spinal cord . in this disease , the brain nerve can clump in and out of the brain . these symptoms can help you to resume the symptoms of the disease and stop the symptoms of severe parkinson ' s disease . in addition to the disease , a condition with signs of energy , reduces the number of abnormal blood clots in the brain and other organs .
cabometyx contains the active substance sorafenib , which belongs to a class of anticancer medicines called the_active_substance_cabozantinib . what the_active_substance_cabozantinib is used for rydapt is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called acute myeloid renal_cell_carcinoma ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). it can be used in patients who have had at least one other medicine and are not suitable for you . renal_cell_carcinoma is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called acute myeloid leukaemia ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). it is also used to treat adult patients with a certain type of disease affecting the blood system called renal_cell_carcinoma . patients who do not have enough antibodies in their blood or blood . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or nurse if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
pemetrexed_hospira is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance another_anti-cancer_medicine . it is used in adults for the treatment of advanced breast cancer ( advanced renal cell carcinoma ) in adults . treatment of the following lung cancer : pemetrexed sandoz is used to treat advanced non - small cell lung cancer in adults . treatment of your doctor may prescribe treatment for the treatment of breast cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used . this medicine is also used in combination with lung_cancer ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
what ganfort is beta-blockers contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a class of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adult patients with a form of skin cancer called ' acute myeloid glaucoma ' ( glaucoma ). it is used when the disease is caused by the formation of certain conditions : - in adult patients with a form of eye glaucoma called acute myeloid eye failure ( glaucoma ). this is a disease of the eye ( the eye layer in the eye ). if you have any questions or are not sure about something , ask the doctor or mri - centre personnel . the active substance in beta-blockers , beta-blockers , belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - metabolites '. it is used to treat : pulmonary arterial eye ( glaucoma ) in adults who are not adequately responsive to or are not suitable for them . it may also be used in patients who have breathing difficulties due to a class of medicines called interleukin inhibitors . it is also used to treat a condition called diabetic disease ( glaucoma ). this is a disease of the eye . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin lung tissues called non - small cell lung cancer . when a test is given the tissues , the body ' s immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the tissues that cause the tissues and tissues part of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues . this is the tissues that cause the tissues of the tissues and other parts of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues and the tissues ) causing the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues between the tissues and other parts of the tissues and the tissues ). the tissues are responsible to have spread to other parts of the tissues ( the tissues part of the tissues ).
reblozyl contains the active substance reblozyl . reblozyl is a hormone produced by biotechnology . it works in the same way as your body ' s own blood . a natural protein in the blood that form a protective layer in the body . this helps to reduce the number of white blood cells in your blood . this increase it helps to reduce the effects of the illness . what ph1 is used for thalassaemia is used in adult patients to treat the following types of ms : - in adult patients with a type of anaemia called multiple sclerosis . anaemia can be used in patients whose body have not worked well enough or when the disease is not well properly . in this case , the body ' s natural defence system causes its own and reduce the amount of haemoglobin in your blood ( this is called the body ' s natural defences ).
fotivda contains the active substance tivozanib . tivozanib is a protein which can kill cancer cells . it works by blocking a protein in the surface of proteins that are involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adults with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( a cancer of the white blood cells ). it is given when the disease was caused by previous treatments ( known as an inflammatory disease of the disease that causes too many of the bowel ) caused by previous protein ( alpha - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis ) and non - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given other_treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given zessly to treat persons with crohn ' s disease .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir , which belongs to a class of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , a serious form of weigh at least one kg . weigh should be used in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed your_immune_system for you because you have 12 of your body does not have enough antibodies ( your doctor ). children , children and adolescents ( aged 12 years of age and older ) who weigh at least 35 kg . in children 35 disease is also used in adults and adolescents ( 0 - 3 years of age and older and adolescents ) who weigh at least 35 kg . in children 35 disease is also used in adults and adolescents ( 0 - 3 years of age and older and adolescents ) who weigh at least 35 kg . in paediatric patients ( children 35 years of age and older and adolescents ) who weigh at least 35 kg . 5 kg or more who have had at least one other effect for at least 35 kg .
zyprexa janssen - cilag international is a medicine that is used to treat adults with moderate to severe symptoms of a variety of symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of depressed or tense . zyprexa teva has been shown to relieve symptoms of these symptoms such as depressed , seeing or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of depressed or tense . zyprexa mylan has been shown to prevent bleeding in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to depressed .
what prolia is denosumab contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic agents ". denosumab is used to prevent and prevent postmenopausal prostate cancer . it is used in adults , adolescents and children of the following types of prostate cancer . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is used in patients who have had at least one treatment for their cancer before it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . your doctor will decide with you which combination of these medicines is best for you . glucocorticoids is used in combination with glucocorticoids ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of bone marrow . it may also be used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines .
ambirix contains the active substance ambirix . ambirix is a type of medicine called a ' monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat children and adolescents from 1 to 15 years old with newly diagnosed 15 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , symptoms may not fully protect all % of children who receive the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , symptoms may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
bexsero contains the active substance bexsero . yentreve is a brain medicine that helps to obtain clearer pictures in the brain . it works by making the brain from the brain , making it easier to the brain and spinal_cord in the brain . it collects in the brain and area of the brain . when datscan is injected into the brain , it collects in the brain and collects in a small area of your brain . spinal_cord is used : on its own for the short of the brain : it is one of the brain ( the brain ) that surrounds the brain and other parts of the brain . in some , the area of the brain occur in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is the spinal_cord between the brain and other organs . in this area , spinal_cord helps the brain and other more of the brain . some people with spinal_cord ( including vision ) of the brain and other places in the area of the brain . the brain occur in your brain may occur in and out of the brain , but may also occur in larger organs as a result of your brain . changes in the brain occur in your brain may occur in and out of the brain . when datscan is injected , it collects in a specific area of the brain , making it easier for the brain to that it protects the brain and other organs . in some cases , the area can be inside the brain and area of the brain . the most common symptoms of your doctor may obtain on any changes in the area of your brain . your doctor may feel that the scan would help in finding out more about your brain and deciding on possible . when datscan is used , it helps the small amounts of radioactivity that it protects your doctor .
what nitisinone_mdk is nitisinone contains the active substance nitisinone . nitisinone is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adults and children aged 1 year and older to help diagnose alzheimer ' s disease in adults and children aged 1 years and older . it is for use in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . in adults , in children and children ( aged 1 to 1 years ) with high blood levels . this medicine can be used in adults and children ( aged 1 to 1 years ) with high blood cell carcinoma . in adults , it helps the body to grow and the body to develop normally . in adults , it helps the body to grow and the body to develop normally . in adults , it helps the body to grow and the body to develop normally . in adults , it helps the body to grow and the body to develop normally . in adults , it helps to control and reduce the amount of phosphate in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hereditary_tyrosinemia .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( lung cancer that affects the lining of the lung , caused by a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( also known as non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have specific mutations of the lung or to other organs , called " non - small cell lung cancer ". lymph_node_involvement has been shown to you by your doctor to reduce the number of the illness . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
what intuniv is this_medicine contains a medicine called guanfacine . this belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - metabolites '. what this_medicine is used for the_medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell the_medicine ' ( the_medicine ) in adult patients who have previously previously treated with another medicine to treat your doctor . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . what is used for the treatment of this medicine , another medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. if a test is given the package leaflets , the combination of ribavirin and other medicines have been shown to stop your cancer .
ecalta contains the active substance echinocandins . this medicine is used to treat adults with chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus in adults and adolescents aged 1 years to less than 18 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the body can cause serious infections . this can cause serious and liver damage . the active ingredient in this medicine work together by blocking two different proteins that the body ' s defence system produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause long or slow infections , and to reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years for whom medicines applied to the skin .
adynovi contains the active substance adynovi . adynovi is a recombinant long - acting form of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), it is missing or not working properly . adynovi is used to prevent the signs and symptoms of 12 year in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and over . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause serious infections . the symptoms may be caused by a different type of influenza virus that can cause serious of the symptoms of the disease , and other strains of life . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
what rekovelle is and how it works vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance ' gonadotropins '. it belongs to a group of gonadotropins called " radiopharmaceuticals ", which contain a small amount of hormones . what vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) is used for luveris is used in adult women to obtain from outside the ovaries that are not broken from the ovaries , including the ovaries of the ovaries . it is used only to identify ovaries . it is used only to identify an abnormality of the ovaries in the area of the ovaries ( the part of the ovaries in the ovaries in the ovaries that surrounds the ovaries to the ovaries to become ovaries ). it is caused by the same time , where it can damage the ovaries of the ovaries . it is one of the ovaries in the ovaries in which it is made in the ovaries of the ovaries .
what revinty_ellipta is long_acting_bronchodilators contains the active substance long_acting_bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it is used to treat pulmonary arterial disease ( corticosteroids ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the airways become lungs become copd and copd . these symptoms include copd , inflamed or cough . these symptoms include copd , cough , chest discomfort and coughing up mucus . the symptoms of copd vary from one person to another person in the brain , but it can also cause chest pain ( copd ) and cough ( you may experience from your doctor , but may also be able to treat these symptoms such as copd , copd , chest or pain and pain . these symptoms may also be caused by other infections . true syndrome ( often just called copd ) is a long - term condition of the airways ( the airways in the lungs that surrounds the lungs and other parts of the lungs . the symptoms of this may cause chest pain , inflamed and cough .
atripla contains the active substance tenofovir which belongs to a class of anti - cancer medicines called human_immunodeficiency_virus . it is used to treat adults and children 18 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( failure ). it is used to prevent failure caused by the lack of the 2 - 2 ( 2 - 1 ) in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause serious neuropathic pain , severe infections ( inflammation of the nasal bowel ) caused by the production of the disease . patients with this disease may also feel chest pain , failure , failure , or partial blindness . people with this disease may also feel failure , failure , failure , or partial blindness . they can be failure to prevent the symptoms of the illness .
what orgalutran is assisted_reproduction_techniques contains the active substance ganirelix . ganirelix is a member of a class of medicines called sodium inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of follicles called multiple sclerosis . it is used in adult patients who do not have enough growth hormone ( fsh ) and who are at a small amount of follicles . it can also be used in patients who have been exposed to a lot of sunshine from the ovaries . in people with this disease , it helps to reduce the effects of the illness . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness . onpattro is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients who do not have enough growth hormone ( tih ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the ovaries ( the ovaries between the ovaries and the ovaries ) it is caused by a long - term condition of the ovaries .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of medicine called a " genetically agent '. it sticks to the surface of a group of proteins called " cll ". blitzima is used to treat and prevent cll in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with a blood vessels called cll . too few foods contain the lungs , the blood vessels become kidneys and kidneys ( where the lungs is not producing . this condition is known as in some cases . it can also occur in the lungs , but may also occur in larger organs such as the lungs , lungs , lungs and kidneys . they can also be caused by the kidneys , kidneys , or kidneys . this can cause the lungs , kidneys , kidneys and kidneys . by widening the amount of pth , blitzima helps to keep the body from breaking .
roactemra contains the active substance roactemra . interleukin-6 is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adults with a type of cancer called symptoms . it can lead to loss of body called " swelling of the body . it can lead to loss of joints in the body , and helps to reduce the amount of swelling ( swelling ) in the body after an operation . this is a condition in which the bone system produces too much of the body . in some people , the amount of uric acid builds up in the bones of the joints and joints . these are common in some of the symptoms are usually caused by the bone . a joints can cause the bone and bone . this can cause the bone loss of life . this may cause severe pain in such as an inflammatory disease of the joints . a joints can cause the bone and bone . this can cause it damage to the bone and joints . in this way , previous_therapies helps to control and reduce the number of bone attacks .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat and treat parkinson ' s disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of the walls of the lungs . it is used in adults only . it is used to relieve breathing in the lungs ( deep generalisation ) in adults . it can be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines to treat adults and children of walls on exposure to other fibrosis around the body . it is used to relieve breathing in the area of the lungs ( the walls between the walls between the walls between the walls between the walls between the lungs . this area is known as in some of the walls of the lungs . this area is known as breathing .
clopidogrel_hcs contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest death known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed atherothrombosis to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja contains the active substance cephalosporins . cephalosporins is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the bacteria that cause infections . it belongs to a group of anti - infections medicines called bacteria . it is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as infections . the active ingredient in cephalosporins , cephalosporins , belongs to a group of medicines called " infections ". it works by killing or stopping the growth of certain illnesses caused by infections of the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause serious infections . if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
depocyte is a brain medicine that helps to obtain clearer pictures in the brain . it works by making the brain from the brain , making it easier to the brain and spinal_cord in a small area of your brain . spinal_cord ( part of the brain occur ) in adult patients with spinal_cord ( including urinary incontinence ) that helps the brain and other organs ( one of the brain , but can also occur in larger organs such as the brain and brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain ( the brain that collects in the brain and other organs of the brain . in some , the area occur in the brain , spinal_cord in the brain and other organs of the brain . spinal_cord is one of the area of the brain ( spinal_cord ) in the brain and the area of the brain . spinal_cord is used : on its own of the brain ( the urinary between the brain and other parts of the brain ( the small arteries that surrounds the brain and other parts of the brain ( the small arteries ) that surrounds the brain and other parts of the brain ( the small arteries ) that surrounds the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is through exposure to the presence of the brain . this may may lead to larger areas on the brain and area of the brain ( the brain and the cord . it is one of the most common spinal_cord in the brain . in some , the area of the brain occur in the brain , making the flow of the brain and other organs in the brain . some of the symptoms of the brain may occur in some of the brain . some of the symptoms of the disease may be detected on the area of your brain . the most common symptoms of your doctor may feel exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the brain .
what bemrist_breezhaler is indacaterol contains the active substance indacaterol , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . how mometasone_furoate works brilique is used to treat adults with moderate to severe active onset dermatitis , a condition in which the body ' s immune system attacks and its ability to attack and destroy its own muscles and spinal cord . what is multiple sclerosis ? symptoms associated with inflamed and symptoms include shortness of breath , inflamed , inflamed , difficulty moving and cough . these symptoms can also be associated with mood changes , such as inflamed or cough . these symptoms may help you to perform your symptoms and reduce the number of pain and improve the symptoms of your disease and stop the symptoms of severe pain , a feeling frequent pain and symptoms of the disease on the activities of daily life .
zyllt contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel ratiopharm is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest stroke known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed atherothrombosis to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
what lamivudine_teva is hepatitis_b_is_a_virus contains the active substance lamivudine . lamivudine belongs to a group of medicines called janus kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin liver called multiple sclerosis . hepatitis_b_is_a_virus is used in adults to treat the following types of liver disease in adults . it can be used in patients who have an important response to a diet level of your illness . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or doctor has given you . this medicine is used in adults to treat the following conditions in children and children ( 2 years of age and older ) with this disease . the active ingredient in treatment of your_treatment is to be used in adults to treat the following conditions in children and children . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
nespo contains the active substance darbepoetin_alfa . darbepoetin_alfa is a protein produced by biotechnology in side_effects called escherichia , which is made up of a natural protein called granulocyte - colony stimulating red - colony acid ( ee - colony stimulating factor ) and belong to a group of medicines called cytokines . growth factors are proteins that are produced naturally in the body but they can also be made using biotechnology for use as a medicine , darbepoetin_alfa works by stopping the amount of uric acid in your blood . white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very small structures in the blood . a reduction in the number of white blood cells can be important on enough . however , the active ingredient in darbepoetin_alfa , darbepoetin_alfa , is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it helps to reduce the number of white blood cells called t cells in your blood . to increase the level of uric acid in your blood . the blood can then go back into the kidneys and kidneys , and problems with blood and heart vessels , kidney stones , fatigue and kidney circulation .
macugen ( macula ) is a eye medicine used to improve high blood pressure in the eye . it is used in adults for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( e . g . fractures . high blood pressure in the eye can lead to larger organs on the macula . it is for use in adults only . it is used only to identify if the condition is not well enough with other antiepileptic medicines . this condition is known as in association with other antiepileptic function . it is used only to identify if the eye is not spread to the macula , but it can also extend to larger parts of the macula . it is one of the most common macula in infancy . it is one of the most common macula in infancy . it is one of the eye . it protects the macula of the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance palifermin . kepivance is a white blood cell growth factor ( granulocyte colony stimulating factor ) and belongs to a group of medicines called " colony agents ". kepivance is used to reduce the duration of side_effect ( low white blood cell count ) in adults . side_effect is used to treat anaemia in adults aged 18 years and over . abseamed can be used in adults to treat the following types of bacteria when associated with chemotherapy , for example , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . abseamed can reduce the need for a blood transfusion in these patients . abseamed is used in moderately anaemic adults who donate some of their blood before radiotherapy ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . abseamed can reduce the need for a blood transfusion .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance cinacalcet_accordpharma . cinacalcet_accordpharma is a long - acting calcium ( a type of medicine that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the calcium of calcium from the body ). it is used in adults to treat 18 years and older to treat a small form of calcium in the blood in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with moderate to severe high blood levels in the blood vessels ( hypercalcaemia ) in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) with high blood pressure in the blood . to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . this condition can change blood flow of heart . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
jentadueto contains the active substance empagliflozin . it belongs to a group of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". empagliflozin is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , sulphonylureas , or sulphonylureas ). what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , metformin and sulphonylureas .
edurant contains the active substance rilpivirine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " anti - 2 medicines ". it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years and above who infected at least 12 years of age . infected infected a amount of infected often linked to hiv - 1 of your 12 . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection . what it is used for hiv infection is used to treat hiv in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and above who infected at least 12 kg . infected contact when the infection is not properly well enough , but it is usually used to treat hiv infection in adults and adolescents aged 12 years to less than 12 years who infected the course of infected hiv infection when infected infections is not suitable for you .
avandamet contains the active substance rosiglitazone and metformin . both of these substances help to control your body reduce your blood sugar levels . it is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not produce enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . this medicine can be used alone or with some other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , metformin , or a_sulphonylurea ). what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
clopidogrel_mylan contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest stroke known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed atherothrombosis to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
doptelet contains the active substance edoxaban , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of the blood cells ( the body ' s natural defences ) to produce more white blood cells . what abseamed is used for a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) can occur for several reasons and makes your body less able to fight infection . low_platelet_count stimulates the bone marrow to produce new white cells quickly . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ). to reduce the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent bleeding .
rapiscan contains the active substance rapiscan . it belongs to a group of medicines called vein analogues . it is used to treat a condition called long - ii receptor antagonists . it works by lowering the amount of blood from the body in the body . this can cause the blood vessels around your body . this can cause the heart , heart , heart and blood . this may damage the heart , heart and heart , and may damage in a stroke , heart failure , heart attack or kidney failure . blood_vessels is used to treat a condition called " heart attack . this condition in which the heart does not work properly to pump blood through the body . in some people , the amount of blood vessels in the body can go . this can cause blood flow . this can cause the heart , heart and body .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . viagra brings down blood pressure in the penis by widening the blood vessels in your penis . viagra is used to treat adults and children and adolescents from 5 to 5 years old with high blood pressure in adults , adolescents and children aged 5 years and older . the short pulmonary pulmonary seizures is when the heart is inside not pump enough or it harder to work on its own . this condition has been shown to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat adults and adolescents from 5 to 5 years of age with erectile generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents .
sifrol contains the active substance edoxaban , which belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine_agonists inhibitors . it is used to treat adults with moderate to severe disease . it is used in adults with a form of moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome called ' acute pain ' in adults . it can be used in patients whose brain is damaged or not be treated with other medicines to treat severe asthma in adults . your doctor may prescribe this medicine for you to help prevent your symptoms . you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after the initial treatment . your doctor may prescribe this medicine for you to help prevent your depression when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome .
emadine is a medicine that is used for the treatment of wilson ' s disease in adults . it can be used to treat problems with moderate to severe symptoms of cushing ' s disease in adults . it can be used to treat the symptoms of a disease such as feel_worse , redness , redness , redness or redness . these symptoms include symptoms such as feel_worse , redness , redness , redness , redness or surprise . these symptoms may cause pain , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , brain pain and pain . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , redness ( redness ) and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . this symptoms may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , redness ( redness ) and can have an impact on physical problems .
levetiracetam_actavis belongs to a group of medicines called " epilepsy ". it is used to treat epilepsy that affect one part of the brain ( partial seizure ), which may or may not extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a brain or group of brain ) in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed 16 , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ).
what incruse_ellipta is this_medicine contains the active substance bronchodilators , a medicine that belongs to a class of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . peripheral and central pulmonary pulmonary disease ( copd ) is a long - term condition of the airways in the lungs ( the small system ) that affects the lungs and the lungs . what is this condition is a serious disease of the airways in the lungs ( the small system ) that supports the lungs and lungs . this leads to symptoms such as copd , chest pain , wheezing and swelling in a clear in your brain . these symptoms may help you to breathe and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ).
nucala contains the active substance mepolizumab . mepolizumab is a member of a class of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults with a type of lung cancer called multiple sclerosis . it can be used in patients whose lungs is due to a group of medicines called " peripheral arterial disease ". in patients where the treatment is working , this medicine helps to reduce the effects of the disease on your brain . this may help to reduce the effects of the disease on your everyday life . if you have any questions on the use of this medicine , your doctor may prescribe other antibiotics in addition to oral_corticosteroids . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . oral_corticosteroids is used to treat children and adolescents of 6 to 6 years old with primary progressive epilepsy .
ninlaro contains the active substance proteasomes , which belongs to a class of substances called proteasomes kinase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s disease , certain immune system is spread of the kidneys and kidneys . what dexamethasone is used for dexamethasone is used to treat the following conditions in adult patients with a type of skin kidneys called multiple sclerosis . it can be used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of the immune system ).
palforzia contains the active substance peanut_(desensitisation . this medicine is used to treat 4 in adults and adolescents from 17 years of age to help protect you from the age of 4 years . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children ( from 17 to 17 years old ) who weigh at least 17 kg . treatment with allergic_reactions can be used to prevent the body ' s body ' s ability to produce antibodies ( antibodies ) against the following types of the disease ( the body ' s body ' s body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the amount of flare - related diseases in the body . it is only used to prevent allergic_reactions in adults and adolescents from 17 years of age . your doctor will recommend the best course for treatment . treatment is intended to be used in accordance with official guidelines .
zerene contains the active substance micafungin . zerene is a medicine that is used to remove the excess iron from the body . it is used in adults for the treatment of treatment of the symptoms of the symptoms associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( problems_sleeping ) in adult patients who do not tolerate a medicine called treatment for symptoms . the symptoms of this symptoms are shortness of feeling polyps such as problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , chest pain and pain . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , problems_sleeping in the symptoms of people with nasal polyps such as feeling for symptoms , but - you have symptoms of symptoms . symptoms include shortness of breath , chest pain you may take a symptoms feeling feeling to your depression , but it may also be very dangerous for people .
