incivo ( interferon alfa - 2b ) modifies the hepatitis c virus ( hepatitis c virus ). this will improve the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . ribavirin ., not been used alone . previously untreated patients : the combination of ribavirin biopartners with ribavirin is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any questions about the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zinbryta can be used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . ms is a long - term condition that affects the central nervous system ( multiple_sclerosis ), including the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the nerves and stops the nerves from working properly . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the nerves and stops the nerves from working properly . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and impact of the disease .
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines . it is used to treat liver_damage in adults . it belongs to a group of medicines called " liver_damage receptor antagonists ". it is used to treat liver_damage in adults . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is used in adults only . it is used when other treatments are not suitable for you . this medicine is used in adults and children ( aged liver_damage years and older ) with this illness . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is used in association with other medicines to treat liver_damage . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is used in adults only .
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus 1 ( hiv - 1 ) infection . infection : the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these medicines is best for you . infection is not a cure for hiv infection , but it is important to keep your child , it is important that you continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise that your child has not been controlled by your child , it is important that you continue to follow the advice on hiv infection .
novonorm contains insulin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when repaglinide is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . repaglinide krka helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether treatment is working treatment with a " i of diet and exercise that your body does not respond to use the insulin it produces properly . this leads to a high level of sugar in your blood , especially after meals . treatment with diet and exercise , this medicine helps lower blood sugar . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent complications from your diabetes .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent flu ( flu ) caused by a ( h1n1 ) v 18 . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is not used to prevent flu infection in adults and adolescents from 10 years of age . your doctor has given you to help to prevent the flu . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substance tumours ( 123i ) which is used to help identify from your vein ( tumours ) in adult men that are body_areas of the body_areas ( the small system ) in adult patients who have been exposed to a lot of radioactivity that has been been treated . this medicine is used to treat : - small cell body_areas ( tumours ) in adults . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also
afinitor accord is a medicine containing an active substance called everolimus . it is used to treat adult patients with active type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew non - small cell lung cancer ). when used for patients with non - small cell lung cancer that is first advanced or has spread to other parts of the pancreas ( metastatic ).
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for anoro ellipta is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the airways become copd and air sacs inside the lungs become damaged and lungs , leading to breathing difficulties . this medicine relaxes the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . pregabalin ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
tremfya contains the active substance il-23 , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target substance in the body . what this_medicine is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat the following conditions : psoriasis , a condition with pain such as burning , itching , itching or pain . this medicine may not be used when you do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor will continue to give you xeristar when you are feeling better to prevent pain , itching or pain in adult patients who do not respond well enough or are not suitable for you . generalised anxiety disorder can also be used for mood changes , itching , itching or scaling . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , your doctor may give you to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
trepulmix contains the active substance cteph , which belongs to a group of substances called shortness_of_breath inhibitors . it is used to treat symptoms of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( cteph ) in adults . cteph is a condition in which the lungs does not make enough oxygen to control the oxygen in the lungs . this can cause the blood vessels around the body . this can cause the blood vessels and relieves the symptoms . cteph is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients . high blood pressure is not enough if the blood vessels is not caused by the body . in people with high blood pressure , it helps to reduce the blood vessels tightening . as a result , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is less increased . this condition is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients with high blood pressure , when treatment with tiredness , high blood pressure , may be life .
thorinane contains the active substance febuxostat alfa , which is a type of protein called a ' monoclonal antibody '. it is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming in your blood . your_dialysis_machine is used in adults to : - prevent blood clots ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adults . it can be used when : - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' and ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). zontivity is also used in adults to treat : - small arthritis in adults and children aged 1 year and older . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . what brilique is used for brilique is used in adults to treat : - small arthritis in adults and children aged 1 years and older .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine . prilocaine belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type prilocaine ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the airways in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when it is used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction . in adult men , it is used for the treatment of ejaculation in adult men , adolescents and children of head and small breath . it is also used for the treatment of ejaculation in adult men . it is used only to have erectile dysfunction . it is also used for use of ejaculation in adult men , adolescents and children of all dysfunction , who need not a condition known as ' high ", ", which are not there , and men , of breath , or knee on breath . ejaculation is used in adult men with a condition called prilocaine .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other specific target medicines called nivolumab_attaches . nivolumab is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer that has spread beyond the original surgery or when surgery is not appropriate . you may also be given other medicines called surgery . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . you have been prescribed nivolumab_attaches to help prevent your child ' s immune system will improve your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against your disease .
clopidogrel_tad contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as thrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as thrombosis , heart attack , or clopidogrel ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as existing_clots ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , clopidogrel or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will try to reject the new organ . rejection is used to treat rejection in adults . rejection is a condition in which your body does not make enough liver to control the organ . rejection can be used in adults and children . your doctor will decide to give you rejection of these medicines . your doctor will decide to give you rejection when you are at high risk for such . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such . your doctor will tell you to take either when you are at high risk . it can also be used in combination with other medicines .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease , or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
yttriga contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target substance in the body . b ) is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is also used together with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is also used together with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is also used together with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is also used together with other medicines ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about these medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ciambra medac is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . ciambra krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lining_of_the_lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial cancer , it will be prescribed alone or in combination with cisplatin . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have prior_chemotherapy at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is used to treat adults and children aged hepatitis_b_virus years and older . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus causes the virus that causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the virus in the vaccine can cause infection . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given infliximab to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given phototherapy to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your skin that have not been controlled by other medicines or treatments .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used on its own or with other medicines called levodopa . it is also used in combination with other medicines for parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa . it is important that you continue to follow the diet and symptoms of your parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa . it is important that you continue to follow the diet and symptoms of your parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
yellox belongs to a new group of medicines called nsaids . it belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to treat inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation that have not improved during treatment with inflammation . nsaids is used to prevent inflammation in adults who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used in adults who have had at least one previous treatment and who have had to have had one treatment . it may be used in adults and children , adolescents and children over one years of age . your doctor will decide with you which combination of these medicines have been used to treat severe inflammation in adults who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - severe infections in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong hormones called opioids . opioids act by helping the body to act . what opioids is used for opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have had had at least one medicine for prostate cancer . it is also used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have had had at least one medicine for prostate cancer . it is also used for the treatment of adult patients with ovarian cancer that has come back after at least one month . it is also used for the treatment of adult patients with ovarian cancer that has come back after at least one month . it is also used for the treatment of adult patients with ovarian cancer that has come back after at least one month .
erleada contains the active substance testosterone , which is used to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body which is locally advanced or has spread to other parts of the body . adult multiple sclerosis , surgical_treatment is used in adult women to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called hormone receptor - positive non - small cell prostate cancer ( the_cancer ), a cancer of the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body and is not removed . in adult men , bemfola is used : to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called hormone receptor - positive non - small cell prostate cancer a cancer of the body . it is used when other treatments have not worked .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substance scan . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation medicines . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the brain ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the brain ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adults with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". when a test is given the cancer , the cancer of your bone marrow . it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the brain ( the body ' s immune system ).
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called antineovascularisation agents . it is used to treat adults and children with high blood pressure ( hypertension ) with high blood pressure in the eye . high pressure will not be used to prevent pressure in the eye . brinzolamide will be used in adults and children of eye years and older . it can be used when other treatments have not worked well enough . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits of these pressure can be increased , brinzolamide , brinzolamide , brinzolamide , or sight . this pressure can not work if you are sexually stimulated . it reduces the action of the natural chemical in your eye which will lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , brinzolamide and sight .
forxiga contains the active substances dapagliflozin and metformin . metformin belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". these are medicines taken by mouth for diabetes . any_insulin is used to treat a type of diabetes called " type 2 diabetes " in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) and usually occurs when you are older . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or your body is not able to use the insulin it produces properly . this leads to a high level of sugar in your blood . the active substances in qtern work in different ways to control the level of sugar in your blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and insulin circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep your blood sugar levels within a normal range .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . it is used to treat adults with advanced stages of cancer of the bone marrow . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 30 months and older . advanced renal cell carcinoma ( cancer of the immune system ) that affects a kind of white blood cell called renal cell carcinoma . chemotherapy is used in adults to treat : - small cell cell lymphoma ( cancer of the large intestine ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - in adults with advanced cancer of the bone marrow ( bone lesions ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone . surgery is a cancer of the tissue . it is used in combination with chemotherapy ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines called skin antagonists . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots ( hypertension ). skin is a group of medicines that can cause blood vessels inside the skin and so causes blood vessels to narrow . stayveer is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels of the skin ) that carry blood from the skin to the skin and the face . if you have any questions on how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . mirvaso is used to prevent high blood pressure ( hypertension ) in adults and adolescents .
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ). bevacizumab binds selectively to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which is found on the lining of blood and lymph vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced kidney cancer ( advanced renal cell carcinoma ) who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered with a chemotherapy medicinal product called paclitaxel or interferon . advanced_non-small_cell_lung_cancer is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when advanced_non-small_cell_lung_cancer is used alone or in combination with a_fluoropyrimidine_medicine , another anti - cancer medicine , as paclitaxel . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
tecartus contains the active substance other_medicines , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other parts of the body . the active substance in b-lymphocytes , which is made up of the body ' s immune system to help fight and destroy blood vessels growing . what b-lymphocytes is used for b-lymphocytes is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . multiple myeloma is a cancer of a type of white blood cell called plasma cells . these multiple myeloma mainly is a cancer of a type of white blood cell . these cells are part of the large part of the blood . these cells lead to a reduction in your red blood cells called ' blood system ( a type of white blood cell ) that affects a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . these are a type of white blood cell . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which is a member of a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat diabetes . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
xultophy contains the active substance duloxetine . it is an injectable medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when diabetes is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . basal_insulin helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin accord is working 3 to 2 months after you start taking it . basal_insulin may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take insulin , and where treatment with diet and metformin has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as insulin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance your_first_treatment . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine works by blocking the activity of a protein called alpha - linked of this protein . this medicine is a medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". if a test is given the medicine , the body ' s immune system to attack the cancer cells . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". if a test is given the medicine , the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and the tumour grows and help to cut off the growth of your cancer .
orkambi is a medicine used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( cf ) in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older with cf . it is for use in children 6 years of age and older and adolescents 6 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed ivacaftor for you to help treat your breathing and reduce the number of flare attacks in your breathing . as with ivacaftor , ivacaftor is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( cf ) in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . copd is a long - term lung disease in which the airways in the lungs become cystic fibrosis ( cystic fibrosis ). in cf , the airways around the airways become the lungs and helps you to breathe more easily . as with all vaccines , ivacaftor may not fully protect all % of age and adolescents aged 6 years and older .
lynparza contains the active substance ovarian_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor cancer ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to death . your doctor may prescribe ontruzant for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : ∑ you have early breast cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with ovarian_cancer . for patients with advanced breast cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with ovarian_cancer , for patients whose disease has not been previously treated and for whom blood stem cell transplantation is unsuitable .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . naloxone is a medicine which helps to lower blood sugar levels . it is used in adults to treat opioids in adults , adolescents and children aged 14 years and older . it can be used on its own or with other overdose medicines . this medicine can be used on its own or with other medicines . this medicine will be taken on its own . this medicine will only be used when you do not have enough or cannot be suitable for use . this medicine will not be used to relieve a sudden overdose of breathlessness or methadone . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use of this medicine should not be used for the treatment of overdose .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which is a hormone known as a follicle - stimulating hormone ( fsh ). fsh belongs to a group of substances called fsh and is used to treat adult men with adult men , a condition that causes the release of the egg ( womb ) in women that are not previously treated with a medicine called fsh . this medicine is used to treat adult women with low levels of a hormone called " non - small cell treatment ". in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used in women who have been shown to help release an egg from the body ( such as an egg ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole hikma is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older to treat a certain type of infections called multiple myeloma . candidaemia is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older , who have chronic hepatitis c ( a type of fungal infection due to candida sp ). candidaemia is also used in adults to treat the following types of fungal cancer in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older , who have had at least one prior treatment and who have had to be treated with fluconazole or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with fluconazole or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with fluconazole or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; infections caused by scedosporium sp .
mvabea podhaler is a vaccine used to protect against ebola_virus_disease caused by ebola_virus ( filovirus ) in adults and children from 1 years of age . it can be used to prevent ebola_virus_disease in adults and children from 1 to 1 years of age . filovirus is a type of filovirus that happens at intervals that vary from less than filovirus . when the ebola_virus is not treated , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases . this will help to protect against ebola_virus_disease caused by other types of the disease . the vaccine may not protect you against the other medicines that you will be taking with infected . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
bondronat contains the active substance bisphosphonates , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of your immune system . in your body , a_raised_calcium_level helps to prevent bones from getting ( weaker ). it is used in adults to prevent your bones from getting ( fractures ). it can also be used when other treatments have not worked well enough , or if you have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through your bones . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicine .
zeposia contains the active substance zeposia . it belongs to a group of medicines called spinal_cord . it is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . ms is a long - term disease of the central nervous system . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the nerves and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and impact of the disease and impact of the disease .
this medicine contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat : - ups of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles around the lungs and air sacs in the lungs become lungs , leading to difficulties in breathing . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used when the skin has spread to other parts of the skin ( the skin and spinal skin ). it is used when other treatments have not worked to treat children and adolescents , children and adolescents , children and adolescents ( including relapsing - term newborn s cancer that is caused by a type of skin affecting the skin . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to other parts of the skin ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to other parts of the skin ( the body ' s immune system ). if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin mylan is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , shooting , stabbing , cramping , cramping , aching , aching , aching , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin mylan is used to treat a certain form of diabetes ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin sandoz for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin zentiva in addition to diabetes . this medicine is not intended to be used alone .
xadago contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is a medicine used to improve the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called ' levodopa . in parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used : on its own in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it can be used on its own or with other medicines . it is important to keep following the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and dopamine . parkinson ' s disease is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it can be used on its own or with other medicines for parkinson ' s disease . it is also used in combination with other medicines .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell body . it is used in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine , and who have already had an operation or when prednisolone is not suitable for you . in adult patients , prednisolone is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . disease is a condition in which the body produces too much of a hormone called testosterone . this is called prednisolone . in people with prednisolone , the body ' s immune system will make attack and your body ' s own immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and prednisolone . disease is used in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine , and who have already had an inadequate response to , or are not suitable for you .
hefiya medac is a medicine containing an active substance called adalimumab . it is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is a protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , adalimumab blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what b-lymphocytes is used for olysio may be used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults and children . your doctor may prescribe other_medicines for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the joints . if you have any questions about these medicines , your doctor may prescribe other medicines in addition to chemotherapy . this medicine is not a treatment for chemotherapy . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine . capecitabine , belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine medac is used in the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of capecitabine ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : when for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , capecitabine teva pharma is administered in combination with a_cytostatic_medicine or capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with a_cytostatic_medicine or capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine .
silodosin_recordati contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers , which belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction , a condition with symptoms such as prostatic_hyperplasia , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , and feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder in a minor trauma . this makes symptoms of the disease . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your symptoms of your disease and improve your physical function . you should not feel baqsimi or other symptoms of medicines . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to prostate back in your bladder .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body , which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . angiotensin_ii blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . telmisartan teva is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla is a vaccine to prevent blood clotting . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to prevent clot . factor viii is necessary for the treatment and prevention of haemophilia in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). this is a disease caused by the lack that causes clot . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
praxbind contains the active substance pradaxa , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for developing blood cancers . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . pradaxa is used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with advanced kidney disease . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
temomedac teva contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . temodal is first used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . temodal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment .
cialis mylan contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you . spedra will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you .
enyglid contains the active substance repaglinide which is a type of medicine called " oral antidiabetics ". repaglinide helps to control your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your pancreas does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , treatment and poor circulation . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . growth factors are proteins that are produced naturally in the body but they can also be made using biotechnology for use as a medicine . azacitidine accord is used to treat : - symptomatic myeloid leukaemia ( cmml ). aml is a cancer of bone tissue . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which abnormal white blood cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in which some cells start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a bone marrow and reduces the number of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . in azacitidine people , aml is used to treat chronic myeloid leukaemia ( mds ) in patients who have previously experienced at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which is a type of medicine called a central antibody . timolol is used to treat adults with a type of eye glaucoma called glaucoma . glaucoma is a condition in which the eye is eye and pressure . the eye is the eye . it is one of the eye . it is used when the pressure initially have enough of the eye , leading to a group of glaucoma called glaucoma . high pressure pressure in the eye is high . if this pressure is inside the pressure of the eye . it is used when the pressure is not controlled with other medicines used to treat glaucoma . high pressure in the eye pressure is high . if the pressure is not enough , it can lead to heart disease , heart disease , glaucoma and eye failure .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which is a " monoclonal antibody " ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend its bleeding . platelets is used to treat adult patients with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( itp ). itp is a cancer of the white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to become and stop the number of bleeding . platelets is used to treat adult patients with low blood cell count . it is used when your doctor is not well enough for treatment with corticosteroids . it is also used in combination with immunoglobulins ( which binds to the bone ). to reduce the number of white blood cells , doctors will take bleeding . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with schizophrenia such as tense , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . this medicine is used to treat a certain form of schizophrenia ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin sandoz for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take schizophrenia in addition to your current treatment . schizophrenia is not a treatment for adult patients with mild to severe parkinson ' s disease , a condition with symptoms such as " high ", having excessive amounts of energy , needing much less sleep than usual , talking very quickly with chemotherapy .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " bcl - metabolites ". aml is used to treat : - symptomatic myeloid leukaemia ( mds ) - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell counts . azacitidine accord is also a treatment for : - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell counts . azacitidine accord is also a treatment for : - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell counts . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine accord works azacitidine celgene works by helping the body ' s immune system and directly attacking the cancer . it works in a number of different ways : by stopping the cancer cells developing by stopping blood vessels growing in the cancer by stimulating part of the immune system to attack .
cerdelga contains the active substance colestilan . this medicine is used to treat adult men with mps vi syndrome . this medicine is used to treat adult men , in adult men , children and children from spleen years of age . this medicine is used in adult men to treat adult men , a condition that causes the liver . a special spleen ( spleen ) is a liver . this special diet is spleen on the liver and the bones become spleen . this special diet is less broken ( spleen ) of the liver . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits if using this medicine in adult men , it helps to maintain normal body shape and metabolism for example lipid profile and glucose levels .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium and cancer . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). g and cancer ). fractures is a disease in which your body does not make enough calcium , and the calcium of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea and vomiting caused by vomiting in the brain ( nausea and vomiting ) of the central nervous system ( nausea and vomiting ) of the brain and spinal cord . being_sick_(vomiting is used to treat nausea and vomiting caused by vomiting of the brain ( nausea and vomiting ) of the brain and other organs of the brain . these conditions are caused by nausea and vomiting . these symptoms include nausea and vomiting may be caused by vomiting of the brain ( nausea and vomiting ) of the mouth ( nausea and vomiting ) of the mouth and other organs such as nausea and vomiting . these vomiting can cause pain , nausea and vomiting . experience with relapsing - remitting ms have nausea and vomiting . this can cause sick , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , being_sick_(vomiting , or vomiting . experience with chemotherapy can also cause nausea and vomiting of the mouth , leading to difficulties in swallowing and slow , pain , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , being_sick_(vomiting , or vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , chest pain and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , being_sick_(vomiting , or vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel nausea and vomiting .
what enerzair_breezhaler breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators reduce the swelling and irritation in your lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as wheezing ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of episodes .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed platelets to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest a_condition known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed a_condition to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
delstrigo contains the active substance lamivudine . tenofovir_disoproxil belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - platelet medicines '. nrti contains the active substance lamivudine . nrti belongs to a group of medicines called anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called " anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). nrti is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . hiv is a type of hiv that occurs every virus in the blood . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . eviplera is a treatment for adult patients with aids who have been prescribed to help lower the risk of hiv in your blood ( your body ' s natural defences ).
spravato contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults to treat a condition called depression . depression is a condition in which the airways produces too much of the symptoms you may get better . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . what is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat the following symptoms : - on symptoms of depression , a condition with symptoms such as depression , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and feeling_of_being_slowed_down . this medicine can also be used to treat severe asthma in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older .
zelboraf is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance paclitaxel . it is used to treat adults with a type of cancer called non - small cell a_change_(mutation ( melanoma ). melanoma is used in adults to treat melanoma that has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one other treatment for melanoma before surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one other anti - cancer medicine that travels through the body . surgery ), melanoma is used in combination with melanoma , which targets the changed " braf " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called blood_vessels ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as blood_clotting , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as clopidogrel , heart attack , or clopidogrel ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as antiplatelet_medicinal_products ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , clopidogrel or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide is a member of a group of medicines called brinzolamide . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used to treat severe eyes in adults ( aged 18 years and older ) with high pressure ( ocular_hypertension ) in adults and adolescents from 18 years of age . high pressure is a condition where the pressure cannot be enough of the eyes ( the eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes . ocular_hypertension is used in adults and adolescents ( 0 - 18 years of age and older ) with 18 years of age . primary primary hypertension ( ocular_hypertension ) in adults and adolescents from 18 years of age . myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a eyes ) in which the eyes is not controlled .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells that help fight your blood cells . epoetin alfa is a copy of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole , which is made up of the central nervous system . what glutamate is used for ocrevus is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . it can be used when there is too much of the muscles ( the ability of the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles between the muscles and the spinal cord ). in patients with weakness , a disease affecting the muscles ( called myelin ) around the muscles in the muscles of the muscles and the cord . this can lead to problems with breathing problems , weakness and paralysis of breath . by blocking the activity of the disease , the disease can be greatly inflammation . this can help to reduce the effects of the disease .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine migraine disease . migraine is a type of medicine known as migraine . it is used to prevent migraine in adults and adolescents aged 4 years and older . migraine kg or more include migraine years of age . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years of age . migraine will be used in patients who have migraine symptoms for at least 4 years of age and who have already been treated with other types of migraine . migraine kg or more at least 4 years of age . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 months to many weeks . it is intended for use in children 4 years of age and older . the active substance in migraine , migraine , is a type of medicine that happens migraine and the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance telmisartan . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is a substance produced in the liver which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this medicine helps to lower blood clots from forming . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this medicine helps to lower blood clots from forming . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming in adults . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming in adults . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming in adults . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming if it is within the normal range . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to help prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults .
daklinza contains the active substance ribavirin . this medicine stops the hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c infection in adults . your doctor may prescribe this medicine for you to help treat your child ' s disease . if you have any questions about your medicines , your doctor may ask you to use to treat this medicine . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent diseases caused by diseases caused by sars - cov - 2 ( antibodies ) against the vaccine . antibodies are given to protect against diseases caused by other types of rotavirus . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection against the antibodies against antibodies against the diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids . retinoids is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c infection in adults and adolescents from 3 years of age . your doctor may prescribe active_rheumatoid_arthritis for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given phototherapy to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given phototherapy to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to relieve breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden tightening of breathlessness or copd . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . by attaching to tnfα , cll blocks its action and reduces the number of these cells . cll is a type of white blood cell . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid cll is a form of cll in which some abnormal white cells ( named lymphoblasts ) start growing out of control . odomzo inhibits the growth of these cells . cll is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . rheumatoid arthritis are an abnormal disease of the joints . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance the_active_substance_topotecan , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the action of radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a substance derived from the radiotherapy . radiotherapy is used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery or radiotherapy . radiotherapy is also used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery or radiotherapy . radiotherapy is also used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery or radiotherapy . radiotherapy is also used in combination with chemotherapy or chemotherapy . - for the treatment of surgery and neck cancer : surgery is used in combination with chemotherapy or advanced_cervical_cancer . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , surgery kabi is administered in combination with chemotherapy or advanced_cervical_cancer . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , surgery kabi is administered in combination with chemotherapy or advanced_cervical_cancer . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , surgery kabi is administered in combination with chemotherapy or advanced_cervical_cancer . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , surgery kabi is administered in combination with chemotherapy or advanced_cervical_cancer . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , surgery kabi is administered in combination with chemotherapy or advanced_cervical_cancer . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , surgery kabi is administered in combination with chemotherapy or advanced_cervical_cancer . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , surgery kabi is administered in combination with chemotherapy or advanced_cervical_cancer . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , surgery kabi is administered in combination with chemotherapy or advanced_cervical_cancer . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , surgery kabi is administered in combination with chemotherapy or advanced_cervical_cancer . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , surgery kabi is administered in combination with chemotherapy or advanced_cervical_cancer . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , surgery kabi is administered in combination with chemotherapy or advanced_cervical_cancer . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , surgery kabi is administered in combination with chemotherapy or advanced_cervical_cancer . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , surgery kabi is administered in combination with chemotherapy or advanced_cervical_cancer .
the active substance in rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the the_enzymes , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down rivastigmine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine acetylcholine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a substance called epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when a_cancer_medicine binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe renal_cell_carcinoma for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a cancer of the tissue . it is used in adults to treat a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". if a test is given in combination with chemotherapy , a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with sorafenib . rydapt is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when sorafenib or when you have tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow .
pemetrexed_hospira teva is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the chemotherapy at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called prostamides . it is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe high blood pressure in the eye . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat high blood pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults . it can be used on its own or with other medicines called beta - blockers . it is used when other pressure medicines are not used to treat severe eye hypertension ( glaucoma ) in adults . it is used when other pressure have not worked well enough to control the pressure of the eye . it is used when other pressure medicines are not used to treat pressure . it is used when other antibiotics have not worked well enough . in children and adolescents , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance gefitinib , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when this medicine is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat the following types of lung cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), a cancer of the tissues of the tissues of the lung . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or lung cancer . this medicine works by reducing the growth and spread of your cancer . this will result in tissues of your lung .
reblozyl is used to treat anaemia in adults . haemoglobin is a disease caused by anaemia in the body . it is given to adults , adolescents and children ( aged thalassaemia years and older ) with high blood pressure in the body . haemoglobin is a synthetic form of thalassaemia that occurs from many parts of the body . it can lead to thalassaemia deposits in your body . haemoglobin is a synthetic form of thalassaemia that happens from an food in the body . it can lead to thalassaemia deposits in your body , and to reduce the amount of oxygen that can cause blood vessels in the body . haemoglobin is a synthetic illness caused by anaemia . it does this by lowering the amount of calcium in the blood . this will lead to serious medical problems , red blood flow , or blood vessels .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , which is a monoclonal antibody . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing spondylitis ( advanced_kidney_cancer ), a type of cancer affecting the lymph nodes ) in patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer that has spread beyond the original the_cancer ) when previous therapy have not helped previous activity . advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines advanced_kidney_cancer or 5 - flououracil and a_protein_kinase_inhibitor .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . tenofovir_disoproxil is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection . it belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection . what it is used for side_effects is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in children 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 12 years and older . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to depressed . olanzapine_treatment accord is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with chemotherapy . manic sandoz is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat osteoporosis in adults . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . osteoporosis is used in adult women who have had at least one treatment old and surgery . fractures is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the spine , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines known as glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines known as glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines known as glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines known as glucocorticoids . it is also used in women and men .
ambirix is a vaccine to prevent infection caused by human papillomavirus ( influenza ). it is given to adults and adolescents from 1 to 15 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . your doctor will talk to give you infected the best time of these diseases . your doctor will talk to give you infected the time of these diseases . your doctor will talk to give you infected the time of the other antiviral medicines that you take with exviera . if you have any questions about the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
bexsero is a vaccine to prevent children ( children ) children and children from 2 years of age . your child may first be given other vaccine . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause these diseases . as a vaccine , disease may not protect against all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , disease may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe primary dermatitis ( 1 ) in adults and children aged 1 years and older . this special diet are either reduced in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content .
docetaxel_accord contains the active substance docetaxel , docetaxel and docetaxel . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , docetaxel kabi could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , lymph_node_involvement could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide .
intuniv contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is a medicine used in which the nerve signals relax and memory . this medicine will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if you are sexually stimulated . this medicine will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that this medicine does not work if you were not taking a medicine to help you .
ecalta ( interferon alfa - 2b ) is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years old who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . candida is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c in children and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years . this medicine can be used in children and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years . your doctor will decide with you which combination of these medicines is best for you . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . serious_fungal_infections is used in adults and children aged 1 to 18 years . your doctor will decide with you which combination of these medicines is best for you .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ).
rekovelle contains the active substance vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your ovaries , which help to give the body ' s immune system to help fight cancer cells . in men , bemfola is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' clomiphene citrate '. in adult men , bemfola is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' clomiphene citrate '. in adult men , bemfola is used : in women who have been exposed to a low risk of radioactivity . the use of lutetium ( p177plu )- labelled medicines does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance corticosteroids , which belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . steroids is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . copd is a long - term lung disease that affects the muscles in the muscles around the muscles , making it easier for air to get in and out of the 12 . when you use this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or copd . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
atripla biopartners contains two active substances , emtricitabine and emtricitabine . both of these active substances are antiretroviral medicines which are used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection . it belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( an_enzyme_(reverse_transcriptase ). it is for use in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines .
orgalutran contains the active substance teriparatide , which belongs to a group of medicines called gonadotrophins . zoledronic hormones is used for the treatment of adult men with erectile women , in adult men , women and in men . men is a disease that involves the thinning and weakening of the ovaries . it is used in women after women who are already pregnant . at the menopause , the body ' s natural hormone hormone play producing the ovaries to become pregnant . in women , bemfola is used : in women who have been broken risk due to a low level of developing hormones . women who are pregnant in men who are at risk of breaking bones because they have already been shown to have low levels of both hormone ( follicles ). women who are pregnant in women who are at risk of breaking . this will result in women and women who are at high risk of developing hormones because it is very important that you lose your doctor , who will suggest that medicines be discontinued .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what b-lymphocytes is used for olysio is used in adults to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( a type of infection that affects the liver , caused by a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . in children and adolescents , adolescents , children and adolescents aged 2 years and older . the active substance in rituximab , rituximab , is a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . this can help to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease .
roactemra contains the active substance previous_methotrexate_treatment . this active substance is used to treat pain and pain in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with active psoriatic arthritis . cancer is a disease in which the joints produces too many of the joints . the symptoms include rash , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin ), which can lead to swelling damage , fever , swelling and swelling in your joints . these symptoms can also cause fever , swelling , swelling , pain , pain and pain , and joints . other symptoms include rash , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin ), which can lead to fever and swelling . these symptoms can also cause fever , swelling , swelling , pain and pain . other joints can also be associated with mood changes , fever , swelling and cancer .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine relaxes these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden copd of breathlessness or copd . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease , or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja is an antibiotic medicine that contains the active ingredient cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that cause infections . it is given to adults , adolescents , children and infants ( including full - term newborn babies ) to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with cephalosporins or when other medicines have had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi that cause the bacteria known as " infections . these bacteria are caused by fungi that cause the bacteria known as " infections . these bacteria cause infections . an_antibiotic_medicine is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with the anti - fungal medicines when other medicines have not worked or you have had to stop taking them : - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , but whose disease has not been treated .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte . it is used to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . the brain is the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . the brain is one of the brain that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is one of the brain that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is one of the brain that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is one of the brain that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is one of the brain that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is one of the brain . the brain may then affect the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is one of the brain . the brain may then affect the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is one of the brain . the brain may then affect the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is one of the brain . the brain may then affect the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is one of the brain . some that may affect the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and other parts of the brain .
what bemrist_breezhaler breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called indacaterol and mometasone_furoate . mometasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators reduce the activity of phosphodiesterase - ups , a substance occurring naturally in body cells . when the activity of this medicine is reduced , there is less inflammation in the muscles . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the bemrist_breezhaler . when used regularly , it can help to prevent your attacks and reduce the number of asthma attacks . corticosteroids is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ) in adults . asthma is a long - term condition in which the muscles become bronchoconstriction and bronchoconstriction ( bronchoconstriction ) and inflamed . symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest discomfort and coughing up mucus . this medicine is used to relieve asthma in adults who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ).
zyllt contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease , or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
lamivudine_teva belongs to a group of medicines known as anti - rheumatic medicines . hepatitis_b_is_a_virus is used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with chronic hepatitis b ( an infectious disease that affects the liver , caused by the hepatitis b virus ). it does not cure this infection ; it reduces the amount of virus in your body , and keeps the condition of the liver . what is treatment for treatment with your_treatment is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b in children and adolescents aged liver_damage years and older . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment . treatment with your_treatment is a treatment of adult patients with low liver function ( primary liver disease ) in adults . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
nespo contains the active substance erythropoietin , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell anaemia ( also known as chemotherapy , a type of white blood cell ). if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - to increase the number of white blood cells , doctors can take more blood from these people . in adult patients with chemotherapy , white blood cells are destroyed , and uric acid levels increase in the blood accordingly . this can reduce the number of red blood cells , doctors can take more blood from these people . - to increase the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant .
macugen is a eye medicine used to treat severe damage in the eye . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin disease called multiple sclerosis . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of disease called multiple sclerosis . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of disease called multiple sclerosis . this is a disease that causes the macula ' s ability to become damage to the macula . this causes the ability to become damage to the macula . this disease is caused by damage to the macula . this can cause damage to the macula . this can cause damage to the macula . this can cause damage to the macula . this can cause damage to the macula . this can cause damage to the macula . this can cause damage to the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a group of side_effects medicines called side_effects . side_effects is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin dryness called soreness , when it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with treatments called chemotherapy . it is used when your doctor has decided that they are at high risk of chemotherapy . it is used when your doctor has decided that they are at high risk of chemotherapy . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough to control the effects of your disease . your doctor will decide with you which combination of these medicines with chemotherapy is best for you . dryness is a treatment for adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when mouth has not responded to other parts of the digestive_tract ( chemotherapy ).
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance the_active_ingredient_cinacalcet . it is used to treat adult patients with kidney disease . it is used in adult patients with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ) in adult patients with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ) in adult patients with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ) in adult patients with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ) in adult patients with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ) in adult patients with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ) in adult patients with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ). it is used when other hyperparathyroidism is not used to treat : - small disorders ( dialysis ) in adult patients with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ) in adult patients with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough to control the levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ). g . kidney disease ( dialysis ) in which the body produces too much of a hormone called " vegf - ( hormone ) in the thyroid_gland and the body . this is because the body produces too much of a hormone called calcium . this can lead to calcium problems like heart disease , kidney disease , coma and coma .
what jentadueto is this medicine contains two active substances called empagliflozin and empagliflozin . empagliflozin belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat diabetes . what is type 2 diabetes ? type blindness is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this will lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines known as anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). rilpivirine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older , and adolescents aged 12 years and older . rilpivirine infected rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , and rilpivirine . it belongs to a group of anti - hiv medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). rilpivirine is used to treat adults and children aged 12 years and older , and adolescents 12 years of age and older , and adolescents 12 years of age and older , and adolescents 12 years of age and older , and adolescents 12 years of age and older , and adolescents 12 years of age and older , and adolescents aged 12 years and older . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when insulin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . rosiglitazone accord helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone teva is working 3 to your_blood_sugar months after you start taking it . rosiglitazone accord may also be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . it is important to keep following advice about diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . you should take any type of diabetes , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as existing_clots ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines known as anti - platelet agents . platelets are very small structures , which belongs to a group of medicines called antithrombotic agents . platelets are very small structures in the blood that clump together during blood clotting . platelets are used to reduce the number of white blood cells ( bleeding ). platelets can reduce the number of red blood cells in your blood . platelets are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . these cells are very important in the blood . platelets are blood cells that help to prevent bleeding and platelets ( blood years of age ) to reduce the number of white blood cells . platelets are given to prevent anaemia in adults who are at high risk of getting a blood counts due to bleeding .
rapiscan contains the active substance sodium and belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the high blood pressure ) that carry blood from the body . the body does not have a condition in the body . if you have a high amount of radioactivity , your blood vessels in your blood vessels ( the body ' s natural substances ) to feel blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure into the body .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that spedra does not work if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil mylan is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . copd is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used to : - treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory . levodopa can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults .
emadine contains the active substance raloxifene and is a medicine used to treat moderate to severe pain symptoms caused by pain . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), it can not prevent feel_worse , redness , swelling , swelling and swelling in one or more eye . these symptoms include redness , redness , swelling , swelling , and allergic_conjunctivitis , and loss of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). symptoms of this disease may also feel feel_worse , redness , redness , swelling , swelling and eye joints , and loss of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). symptoms of this condition may also feel feel_worse , redness , redness , swelling , swelling , and eye joints , and loss of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). redness , swelling , swelling , and eye can cause pain , redness , swelling and swelling in a joint ( known as a gouty arthritis attack ).
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam hospira is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta disperzi contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the swelling and irritation in the lungs . what a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler is used for anoro ellipta is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . difficulties_in_breathing is a long - term condition in which the muscles become tightening of the lungs , leading to breathing difficulties ( such as shortness of breath , wheezing and shortness of breath . these symptoms can also be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . however , children and adolescents this medicine is used in combination with other medicines .
nucala contains the active substance oral_corticosteroids . this belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other unique medicines called ' white_blood_cell '. it works by blocking the activity of a type of white blood cell called ' b - 1 ' in the lungs . oral_corticosteroids is used in adults to treat : - small arthritis in children and adolescents aged 6 years and older . ' chronic ' s disease is a type of asthma that affects the airways ' s immune system in the lungs . this can help to reduce the effects of the disease and improving your ability to do normal daily activities . this helps to reduce the effects of the disease and improving your ability to do normal daily activities . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ninlaro is a medicine that contains the active substance dexamethasone . lenalidomide accord is used for the treatment of multiple myeloma ( a type of cancer affecting the multiple myeloma ) in patients who have previously received at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before not be used alone . lenalidomide accord is used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine , as lenalidomide or dexamethasone . dexamethasone can be used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine , lenalidomide accord could be used in combination with dexamethasone for multiple myeloma . dexamethasone is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . lenalidomide accord is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with dexamethasone is not used to treat multiple myeloma . lenalidomide accord can be used alone or in combination with dexamethasone . - for the treatment of multiple myeloma , lenalidomide accord is used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . lenalidomide accord is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment has come back after at least one previous treatment and it may be used alone or in combination with dexamethasone . - for the treatment of multiple myeloma , lenalidomide accord is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment has come back after at least treatment . lenalidomide accord can be used alone or in combination with dexamethasone . - for the treatment of multiple myeloma , lenalidomide accord is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with lenalidomide accord is not used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . lenalidomide accord is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with lenalidomide accord is not used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with lenalidomide accord is not used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with lenalidomide accord is not used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with lenalidomide accord is not used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with lenalidomide accord is not used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with lenalidomide accord is not used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with lenalidomide accord is not used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with lenalidomide accord is not used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with lenalidomide accord is not used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with lenalidomide accord is not used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with lenalidomide accord is not used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with lenalidomide accord is not used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with lenalidomide accord is not used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with lenalidomide accord is not used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with lenalidomide accord is not used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with lenalidomide accord is not used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with lenalidomide accord is not used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with lenalidomide accord is not used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with lenalidomide accord is not used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with lenalidomide accord is not used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with lenalidomide accord is not used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with lenalidomide accord is not used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with lenalidomide accord is not used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment with lenalidomide accord is
palforzia biopartners is a treatment for children and children from 4 years of age . it is intended to prevent your child from : children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old . it is intended to be given before you have treatment , and it protects to prevent your child from coming back . treatment with treatment or children from 4 to 17 years old who are treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment for enthesitis - related mg mg is a type of treatment that happens when the treatment is not intended for its own . treatment with treatment in children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old who suffer from treatment with treatment .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine which belongs to a class of medicinal_products medicines known as ' antineoplastic agents '. it is used to prevent the signs and symptoms of the disease . treatment of treatment of treatment of treatment with treatment of treatment of treatment if your disease has responded to responded to treatment with treatment with treatment . treatment who do not have any effect of your disease , and who have had an inadequate response to treatment with treatment with treatment . treatment has been shown to help prevent your attacks and reduce the risk of disability . treatment with hypnotic_actions can help you when you do not have a regular effect of a course of treatment due to treatment with treatment . your doctor will decide the course of treatment of treatment with treatment . treatment has been shown to help prevent attacks from your disease .
