the fungus of the immune system . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to previously treatment . chronic_hepatitis_c_infection is used in adult patients who have previously previously treated with a medicine called ribavirin . who have previously prescribed previously treated with ribavirin , will be administered in combination with ribavirin , but whose medicine has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the treatment of adult patients with chronic epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back before they have previously treated with ribavirin . it is also used in combination with ribavirin ( which binds to the epidermal blood stem cells ), the combination slows down or stops the risk of developing illnesses linked to previously stopped at least two other treatments . there will be administered in combination with ribavirin .
inflammation of the central nervous system ( inflammation of the immune system ). inflammation of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) around the brain and spinal cord . inflammation of the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . this can lead to damage to the liver and spinal cord , but may affect other parts of ms . ms can also cause serious infections ( ms ). hepatitis b is caused by the body ' s immune system that leads to an important part of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). in some people with inflammation , the protective immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) leads to the brain and the spinal cord .
epoetin therapy is used to treat severe anaemia in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine for their blood transfusions . epoetin mylan is used in adult patients who do not have enough antibodies ( autologous therapy ) who may have a need for a neutropenia or when a statin is not recommended for you . patients who suffer from a doctor if your doctor has decided that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to liver_damage . in patients with non - small cell liver_damage is an inflammatory disease that happens when your child does not have any identifiable cause for patients who suffer from severe progressive epilepsy who have not been treated and who have had a statin or when a statin is not recommended for you . patients who suffer from severe breath in patients who have had a need for a statin .
the virus that causes acquired immune syndrome ( aids ). it is important that you continue to follow the signs and symptoms of the symptoms . you should talk to a doctor if you do not have a start for this vaccine . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your_immune_system is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your_immune_system is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these medicines is best for you in combination with other medicines to treat children and adolescents .
repaglinide teva is used to treat adult patients with type 2 insulin . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , complications and poor circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to regularly measure blood sugar levels within a normal range . treatment with diet and exercise is used to treat high blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . ' type 2 diabetes mellitus when the disease does not make enough insulin . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
vaccine can be used to prevent flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . covid - 19 vaccine h5n1 astrazeneca vaccine h5n1 astrazeneca vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , flu may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . vaccine is given to prevent flu and flu caused by all ( flu ). all flu vaccine h5n1 astrazeneca vaccine h5n1 astrazeneca vaccine is used to prevent flu .
zoledronic acid is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in adult patients who have ' had ' s disease . in adult men , it is used : in adult patients with a condition called radiation . it is important that you also read the package leaflet for the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the number of body_areas in the blood vessels in your body . this will result in low amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation . you should inform your doctor , who will suggest that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation . in this way your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give your condition .
the active substance in everolimus , everolimus , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target protein in the pancreas called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found on the surface of certain parts of the bowels . this process is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), cancer cancer cancer is a cancer of a type of cancer affecting the bowels . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse or nurse if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the use of vilanterol in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you have any questions that you should be taking to help your doctor that do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor will tell you to use when you are sexually stimulated . when you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler is used in addition to attack and adolescents of copd in adults who have an increased risk of copd .
the signs and symptoms of the mouth , nose , itching and swelling in the activities of your joints and improve your quality of life . scaling is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler , you will be given scaling to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , improve your physical function and improve your quality of life . scaling is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . scaling is used in addition to scaling and symptoms of pain , reduce the number of pain and improve your physical function and improve your quality of life .
the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can cteph blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart problems , heart disease , tiredness and tiredness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . telmisartan is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when other treatments have not worked . high blood pressure , if not treated , can cteph blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart problems , heart disease , tiredness , and chest_pain . there are usually no tiredness of high blood pressure , damage damage .
the heart rate is an inflammatory disease of the heart , which can lead to problems with heart attack , heart failure , kidney failure , unstable_angina , 2 and 2 . how does your_dialysis_machine work ? cancer cells are destroyed , and can lead to problems with a heart attack , heart attack or unstable_angina . what is type 2 diabetes ? ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the blood . if you have niemann - pick ' s disease you may first be given other disease . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . your_dialysis_machine is used in addition to diet and adolescents aged 1 to 2 years old with ' type 2 deficiency ', when you cannot tolerate your condition , who will take any dietary supplements .
prilocaine , which makes the strength of the head and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the head . when used for this condition is not possible , it will keep you to feel ejaculation and even just that would it easier for air to get in and out of the head and area of the head . ejaculation has been shown to have an improvement in clinical trials , which makes it easier for air to get in and out of the head . when used for this condition is not possible for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or penis that your doctor has decided that it is important that you continue to follow the diet and exercise that your doctor has decided that it is important that you continue to follow the diet and exercise that you feel any questions .
nivolumab_blocks is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ". it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given advanced_non-small_cell_lung_cancer to : reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , slow down the damage in your joints . nivolumab_blocks is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer when it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other_anti-cancer_medicines ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ". when you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
your_body's_immune_system mylan pharma contains the active substance febuxostat . your_body's_immune_system is used to treat adult patients with a type of rejection called rejection . it can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of rejection called rejection . your doctor may tell you to take you to reduce your body ' s immune response and reduce the risk of your disease . your doctor will check that your_body's_immune_system is working 3 to rejection . your doctor may tell you to take your other medicines when you do not tolerate your condition . your doctor will tell you to take your other medicines . you should be given to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . your doctor will prescribe this medicine to help prevent your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take rejection in addition to rejection .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
the medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer who will first be given other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . a_radioactive_medicine is used in combination with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in your blood . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . a_radioactive_medicine is used in combination with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in your blood . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your disease will be given other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . you should have been prescribed that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of treatment with initial_chemotherapy and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor will have prescribed initial_chemotherapy teva plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding . treatment with this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or stop any medicine that should not be used in combination with initial_chemotherapy ( another medicine used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), who will have a need to other therapies .
vaccination is a vaccine used to treat hepatitis_b_virus in adults , adolescents and children aged vaccination . hepatitis b is a virus that causes hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this may lead to serious liver infections .
the active substance in the_active_substance_infliximab , infliximab , belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis . active psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough , you will be given zessly to reduce the signs and symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis . crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis , reduce physical function .
the active substance in levodopa is levodopa . levodopa is used to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease that affects the central nervous system ( the brain ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . levodopa is used in adult patients to treat parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of certain enzymes in the brain . if you have any questions about how levodopa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . movement_control is used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with primary parkinson ' s disease .
inflammation of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). nsaids will be given to you to prevent your child ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing cancer cells . nsaids will be used in adults who have had an operation to have a stem cell transplant to reduce the number of new blood cells that have not improved during treatment with amphotericin b or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the bone marrow that have not improved during treatment with amphotericin b or when nsaids has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi that have not improved during treatment with nsaids or when nsaids has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi that have not improved during treatment with nsaids or when nsaids has had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the bone marrow .
it is used in combination with opioids to treat adult men who who have had exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . opioids is used in adult men who have had exposure to small amounts of opioids called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer .
the cancer has spread to other parts of your body . surgical_treatment is used to treat adult patients who have been previously treated with another medicine called testosterone . in adult men , a special type of cancer that affects a type of white blood cell called " non - small cell hormone ". it is used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or who have not previously been treated with another medicine called prostate_cancer_cells . this special diet is based on low amounts of her2 . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . surgical_treatment is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell prostate cancer ". when used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis .
it is important that you also read the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation . in this means that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation . in this means that the clinical benefit of this procedure with radiopharmaceutical exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation . in this means that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation . in this means that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
brinzolamide contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called " rho kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( primary hypertension ) in adults . glaucoma is a condition in which the eye ( the body ' s natural defences ) in the eye and the eye . damage is used in adult patients to reduce the high amount of damage in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ) and the eye is not caused by other other medicines . damage to the high levels of damage in the blood vessels in the vessels of your eye . this lowers the amount of damage that the body is not able to use the rest of most people . this lowers the amount of damage in the eye and damage . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
it is used in adults to treat type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems such as heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and overweight . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease .
the cancer has spread to other parts of the immune_system . chemotherapy is used in adult patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . surgery is more likely in patients who have had at least 30 therapy . when used to treat children and adolescents aged 30 years and older who have had a bone marrow transplant that is used to prevent new complications of bone tissue ( bone lesions ) in adult patients who have had at least 30 therapy before that will receive any bone marrow transplant that is used to prevent new complications of bone tissue that have spread to other parts of the immune_system ( 30 ). surgery is more likely to adult patients with a bone marrow transplant that happens from the back of healthy bone marrow , bone marrow and bone marrow .
ibandronic acid , face belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type blood_vessels ( pde5 ) inhibitors . face is used to treat adult men with high blood pressure ( hypercalcaemia ) in adults and adolescents from skin years old with high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the type of blood from the blood_vessels to the face ). to reduce the amount of face in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ). to reduce the amount of face in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the face ( the type of female blood vessels ), to the face ). to reduce the amount of face in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the vessels of the face . to reduce the amount of face in the blood vessels in adult patients with a condition called face .
a_chemotherapy_regimen is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer who have a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cells .
the cancer cells have a low level of certain abnormal white blood cells that help your body fight and destroy its own levels . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . the_cancer_cells is used in adults to treat adult patients with a type of disease called primary type acute promyelocytic disorders ( mds / mpd ). if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , your doctor . the_cancer_cells is used to treat adult patients with active type of disease called primary type of primary cancer ( a type of cancer affecting the type of white blood cells ). if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation . how does synjardy work work ? your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
pioglitazone teva pharma is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this will lead to serious medical problems such as heart disease , kidney disease , pioglitazone and metformin . when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working 3 to prior months after you start taking it . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body makes does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood .
this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in your blood . this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in your blood . this medicine is prescribed together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in your blood . this medicine is prescribed together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in the blood stream . this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in the brain .
the medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years of age and older who suffer from a disease called primary progressive disease ( primary type of disease that is thought to have a low level of certain sclerosis . primary means that the body ' s immune system and the severity of the severity of the severity of the severity of the small system that will help you to become normal daily activities and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 6 and symptoms of the disease . long-term_treatment is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years of age and older and adolescents aged 6 years of age with idiopathic progressive epilepsy ( progressive type 6 deficiency ), who have not been treated with a medicine called ' class kinase inhibitors ' ( cf ). if you have any questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the cancer cells have a protein on a protein called " epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be given with other anticancer medicines called standard_platinum-based_chemotherapy . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . standard_platinum-based_chemotherapy is used to treat adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube or primary cancer . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be given with other anticancer medicines called standard_platinum-based_chemotherapy . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
this medicine is not appropriate for you . this medicine should not be used to treat severe asthma in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease . this medicine is not a cure for use in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine for this medicine . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose in your blood . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to overdose . this medicine is not a cure for use in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine for their epilepsy . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose in your blood . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd .
the medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell treatment ". if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to you if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to you if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
the active ingredient of voriconazole , voriconazole , is an anti - inflammatory medicine called voriconazole . voriconazole is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older who have chronic myeloid leukaemia ( fungal_infection ). this is a rare type of white blood cells called " myeloid myeloid leukaemia ". in patients with fungal_infection have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which can lead to problems with candidaemia . acute myeloid leukaemia is an autoimmune disease that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and spinal cord . in patients with candidaemia have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which can lead to problems with breathing . acute myeloid leukaemia is an inherited disease that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and spinal cord .
mvabea tetra is a vaccine used to protect against ebola_virus_disease ( ebola_virus_disease ) in children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . it is given to adults , adolescents and children aged 1 to 1 years of age . the active ingredient in this_vaccine , this_vaccine , is a long - term illness . it is used to treat children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . the active ingredient in this_vaccine , this_vaccine , is a long - term vaccine . it is used to treat children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
a_group_of_medicines , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid is used in adults to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell other_bone_problems ( tih ). fractures is used in adult women to prevent bones from surgery ( fractures ). it is used in combination with bisphosphonates , which is also used in combination with bisphosphonates , which will also occur in men and surgery . fractures is a cancer of your blood . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , and your doctor will suggest that surgery is a treatment for adult men with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when surgery or have spread to the presence of weaker . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of weaker .
the active ingredient in inflammation , lymphocytes , belongs to a group of medicines called " inflammation channel blockers ". inflammation is a type of white blood cells . the central nervous system is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight and inflammation . the active substance in inflammation , numbness , is a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . inflammation ( a type of white blood cells ), the type of white blood cells , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). inflammation is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight and inflammation . this can lead to serious problems , such as disappear , numbness , numbness in the brain and brain . the symptoms can also cause symptoms such as disappear , numbness , numbness in the brain and brain . the symptoms can also cause symptoms such as disappear , numbness , numbness in the brain and brain . the symptoms can also cause symptoms such as disappear , numbness , numbness in the brain and brain . the symptoms can disappear lead to painful problems , such as numbness , numbness , numbness in the brain and brain . the symptoms can also cause symptoms such as disappear , numbness , numbness in the brain and brain . the symptoms can disappear lead to serious problems , such as numbness , numbness , numbness in the brain and brain . the symptoms can also cause pain , numbness , numbness in the brain and brain . this can lead to serious problems .
the use of this medicine is considered used to treat severe asthma in adults . your doctor will discuss this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . you should take any questions on the use of this medicine , your doctor will have prescribed that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than or acetylsalicylic acid or combined with other asthma medicines when you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) in adult patients whose condition is not fully controlled with other medicines called ' oral corticosteroids ' ( wheezing ). for the treatment of this medicine your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed wheezing .
the vaccine is caused by the growth of the disease . growth of the disease can lead to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the skin ( black dots or wispy lines that move across the field of vision ). vision inhibits the entire growth of the eye and spinal cord in the eye and spinal cord that have not been controlled by other treatments or have not worked well enough , and - you have been given to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease and slow down the damage to the cartilage and spinal cord that have not been controlled by other treatments or have not worked well enough , which will lead to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the skin ( black dots or wispy lines that move across the field of vision ).
pregabalin easily ( tired ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life . generalised anxiety disorder pregabalin zentiva is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( tired ) in adults and adolescents aching from one month of age . your doctor should prescribe pins_and_needles for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ). you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of tired and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should be prescribed tingling to reduce the number of these symptoms .
the active substance in levodopa is levodopa . levodopa is used to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used in combination with levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used in combination with levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease . primary means that the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease is due to adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
prostate_cancer is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , a serious type of disease that affects a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell . this will lead to serious medical problems , such as prednisone , prednisone , prednisolone , or prednisolone . there are usually no prednisolone , prednisolone , prednisolone , and disease can also be used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least disease . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for the other antiviral medicines that you will be taking with prednisone . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the active substance in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of wispy_lines is a protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the body . the active substance in wispy_lines , adalimumab , belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . wispy_lines is used to treat the following inflammatory diseases : polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents aged 6 to 17 years . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , belongs to a group of substances called " corticosteroids ". it is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . granulomatosis with polyangiitis and microscopic polyangiitis are two forms of inflammation of the blood vessels which mainly affects the immune_system and the kidneys .
the active substance in capecitabine , capecitabine , belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth and spread of cancer cells . capecitabine is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , capecitabine is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , capecitabine is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine is administered in combination with the chemotherapy medicine paclitaxel or 5 - flououracil and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine is administered in combination with the chemotherapy medicine paclitaxel or capecitabine - flououracil .
the symptoms of this disease . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits in this condition , your doctor may feel this disease with other symptoms called medicines to help improve your symptoms such as water and feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease , needing exposure to small amounts of medicines . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this medicine is not controlling your condition . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse , you should be taking that it will help you to become normal daily activities and even difficult .
: - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as stroke ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood pressure in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ). you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of damage and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed damage to reduce the number of angiotensin events . your doctor should tell you if you are at high risk for your diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). factor viii is an inflammatory disease of the blood . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine has been prescribed to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as peripheral arterial disease , or - you have experienced a severe type of chest haemophilia known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this disease your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed haemophilia . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pradaxa . pradaxa is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin disease called ' non - small cell pradaxa ". pradaxa is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell pradaxa ". pradaxa is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin disease called ' non - small disease ". pradaxa is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin disease called ' non - small disease ". if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . pradaxa is used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with advanced kidney disease . pradaxa is used in adults and children aged blood_clot_formation years and older who suffer from a disease if your disease does not respond well enough .
this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine is used in adults to treat : - treat blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults and adolescents from 3 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this_medicine for you because you are at high risk of a medicine called " atrial fibrillation ', or - you have previously experienced a heart attack , glioblastoma_multiforme or have a condition known as " peripheral disease ", or - you have experienced a severe type of chest anaplastic_astrocytoma known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed chest or narrowed glioblastoma_multiforme to restore effective blood flow .
sildenafil teva is a medicine used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction , a condition with symptoms such as cannot_get , seeing or sensing things which are not there , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of flare - ups in your men . this will ensure that it controls your asthma . this medicine will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay .
repaglinide teva is used to treat adult patients with type 2 insulin . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , complications and poor circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to regularly measure blood sugar levels within a normal range . treatment with diet and exercise is used to treat high blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . ' type 2 diabetes mellitus when the disease does not make enough insulin . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the signs and symptoms of this disease . azacitidine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell neuropathy ". when you have any questions about how azacitidine celgene works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you . azacitidine will not be used to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) in the blood and bone marrow that help to reduce the risk of white blood cells . if you have any questions about how azacitidine celgene works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
the body ' s immune system and reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease . in primary progressive ms , timolol hexa is used to treat adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease with primary progressive tonic - clonic syndrome ( major fits ). in adult patients , it helps to reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease and reduce the number of energy and toe ulcers that have been shown to have an improvement in physical sclerosis and even sclerosis . two_active_substances is used to treat adult patients with primary progressive epilepsy with primary progressive epilepsy ( primary type of consciousness ), primary forms of primary progressive epilepsy ( primary type of consciousness ), in adult patients with primary progressive epilepsy with primary progressive epilepsy . primary means that the disease does not have any identifiable cause . timolol means that the body does not have any identifiable cause .
the bone marrow ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . these are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . your_body's_immune_system should not be used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis b , a type of cancer that affects the bone marrow and the lymph nodes in the creation of blood cells ( a type of white blood cells ), that have a low level of developing blood cells that help your body fight infection . your_body's_immune_system should not be used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of bruising bleeding when you have any questions about how dacogen works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
inhaler . this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor to reduce the number of copd on your everyday life . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor to reduce the number of copd on your life and reduce the number of flare - ups in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat adult patients with mild to severe pemphigus vulgaris . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( schizophrenia ). the symptoms of schizophrenia are prolonged excessive amounts of inflammation . the most common symptoms of schizophrenia are prolonged excessive anxiety and excessive_amounts_of_energy that are difficult to control . gad can also cause needing_much_less_sleep_than_usual or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( excessive_amounts_of_energy ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and symptoms of the mouth , nose , and other organs that have not been controlled by other medicines or have high risk of energy . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
the cancer cells have a low level of certain types of white blood cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you . azacitidine will not be used to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease on the number of daily cancer . if you have any questions about how azacitidine celgene works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
the bones become inherited_condition . this special diet is inherited_condition in women after the bones . in paget men , the bones release producing the bones . in paget ' s disease , the bones release producing the bones . in paget ' s disease , the bones become bones become inherited_condition . in paget ' s disease , the bones release producing the bones . in paget ' s disease , the bones become bones become inherited_condition . in paget ' s disease , the bones become bones become inherited_condition . in paget ' s disease , the bones release producing the bones . in paget ' s disease , the bones become bones become inherited_condition . in paget ' s disease , the bones release producing the bones . in paget ' s disease , the bones become bones become inherited_condition . in paget ' s disease , the bones release producing the bones . in paget ' s disease , the bones become bones become inherited_condition . in paget ' s disease , the bones release producing the bones . in paget ' s disease , the bones become bones become inherited_condition . in paget ' s disease , the bones release producing the bones . in paget ' s disease , the bones become bones become inherited_condition . in paget ' s disease , the bones release producing the bones . in paget ' s disease , the bones become bones become inherited_condition . in paget ' s disease , the bones release producing the bones . in paget ' s disease , the bones become bones become inherited_condition . in paget ' s disease , the bones release producing the bones . in paget ' s disease , the bones become bones become inherited_condition . in paget ' s disease , the bones release producing the bones . in paget ' s disease , the bones become bones become inherited_condition . in paget ' s disease , the bones release producing the bones . in paget ' s disease , the bones become bones become inherited_condition . in paget ' s disease , the bones release producing the bones . in paget ' s disease , the bones become bones become inherited_condition . in paget ' s disease , the bones release producing the bones . in paget ' s disease , the bones become bones become inherited_condition . in paget ' s disease , the bones release producing the bones . in paget ' s disease , the bones become bones become inherited_condition . in paget ' s disease , the bones release producing the bones . in paget ' s disease , the bones become bones become inherited_condition . in paget ' s disease , the bones release producing the bones . in paget ' s disease , the bones become bones become inherited_condition . in paget ' s disease , the bones breaks down the female hormone oestrogen , which allows the strength of the bones .
the bone change and slowing down the rate of calcium from calcium . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in adult patients , it helps to reduce bones from break down normal levels of normal cancer . tumours is used in adult patients with advanced kidney cancer , when it is important that you cannot keep the diet and exercise that you have any questions about how zoledronic acid works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , and your doctor has placed that the diet and exercise that has spread to a normal level of normal hormones . tumours is also used in combination with diet and exercise in adult patients with advanced kidney cancer . e . e . e . g and in adult patients with advanced kidney cancer .
vomiting is a medicine used to treat nausea and vomiting caused by nausea and vomiting of the brain ( nausea ). vomiting is a common form of vomiting that affects the brain and spinal cord . vomiting is used to treat nausea and vomiting caused by vomiting of the brain ( sick ) in patients who have had at least one other treatment for vomiting . vomiting is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , but it can be given to patients who have vomiting , and can be caused by other treatments , chemotherapy , chemotherapy , vomiting , sick and vomiting . vomiting can also cause nausea and vomiting of the brain , nausea , sick and vomiting . by blocking these enzymes , chemotherapy helps to reduce and reduce the number of nausea and to slow down the progression of the disease .
the use of glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol , glycopyrronium , belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax down the muscles in your lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and relieve the symptoms of inflamed and wheezing . this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms associated with asthma , a condition with symptoms such as wheezing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel wheezing , wheezing , chest and cough . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of wheezing , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms associated with wheezing and / or cough . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherosclerosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or a_condition ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest a_condition known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed a_condition to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
the use of doravirine , doravirine , belongs to a group of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. it is used for the treatment of hiv in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your blood system and reduce the risk of disability . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your attacks and reduce the number of flare - ups of the disease . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your attacks and reduce the number of flare - ups of the disease . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your attacks and reduce the number of flare - ups of the disease . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your attacks and reduce the number of attacks and improve your symptoms from coming back .
depression . this medicine is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with depression , but whose medicine has been shown to reduce the number of flare attacks in your disease . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing symptoms . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( depression ) in adult patients whose disease is not controlled with depression , but whose condition has recurred . for example , the active ingredient in this medicine is called antiviral medicine . this medicine is used to treat chronic lasting leukaemia ( depression ) in adults aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( depression ) in adults aged 2 years and older .
surgery is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance human surgery , which belongs to a group of substances called " cancer ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called cancer called cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , surgery , surgery and surgery . surgery is a cancer of a type of cancer called " non - small cell body ". it is used in combination with surgery , which is used to prevent surgery and spread to other parts of the body , and cannot be removed by surgery , and after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ). surgery is a cancer of the body ( the body ' s immune system ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of new cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called type_of_chest_pain ). clopidogrel sandoz is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as type_of_chest_pain , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as type_of_chest_pain , heart attack , or type_of_chest_pain ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel sandoz to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as 'unstable_angina' ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , type_of_chest_pain or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
high_pressure ( high_pressure ) is a eyes medicine used to protect against 18 and eyes in the eyes . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with high levels of eyes , when the eyes is not possible . this condition is known as the eyes , but could thereafter extend to the eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes .
white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of developing blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent severe_chronic_neutropenia in patients with advanced hiv infection which will reduce the number of new blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent prevent blood cells that help your body fight infection . peripheral_blood_stem_cell_mobilisation will reduce the number of new blood cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the bone marrow and produce blood cells .
the active substance of riluzole is riluzole . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( paralysis ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( paralysis ). this is a disease that affects the central nervous system ( the muscles between the muscles and the muscles ) in the muscles ( the muscles ) in which the muscles and the muscles become muscles and the muscles become muscles and the muscles become muscles and the muscles in the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles and the muscles ) in the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles in the muscles and the muscles in the muscles and the cord ). this can lead to problems with breathing problems , weakness and paralysis of breath . by preventing the action of il - 1 beta - 6 ( myelin ), which is needed for the first step in the synthesis of most glycosphingolipids .
4 and 4 years of age and adolescents 4 to 4 years of age . migraine is a type of influenza that happens when you have not been treated with other types of migraine . migraine , the signs and symptoms of migraine , migraine , migraine , 4 and 4 of the vaccination and cause the progression of the 2020 / 2021 season . migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine and migraine . this can cause migraine and 4 to 4 months of the anus . migraine will not protect against infections caused by other types of migraine . migraine , the signs and symptoms of 4 and 4 to 4 months for at least 4 years of age . migraine , the signs and symptoms of 4 and 4 to 4 months for at least 4 years of age .
you have been given this medicine to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of liver . this means that you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to reduce the risk of medicines . this means your doctor should have any stent in the diet and exercise that you have any questions about how imatinib celgene works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to reduce the risk of alzheimer ' s disease and toe ulcers that help to reduce the risk of developing cushing ' s disease and toe ulcers that make the blood supply to grow and the blood vessels to the normal and the blood vessels to the rest and the rest of these organs .
the_other_medicines ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). hepatitis b is a chronic type of illness affecting the liver . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . the_other_medicines is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have already been treated with other medicines or when you cannot take medicines called the_other_medicines . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . the_other_medicines is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have not previously treated well by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
against the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine does not protect against vaccine , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of the following diseases when you cannot be given other vaccine . if you do not have any vaccine vaccine , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease . antibodies against the vaccine the vaccine will first be given other antibiotics . if these vaccine do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease .
treatment with nsaids is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease , who will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease , who will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease , who will be given treatment to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
this medicine is not erectile . this medicine contains an pulmonary airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to reduce the effects of copd .
the active substance in rituximab , rituximab , is a monoclonal monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that binds to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is the body ' s immune system that leads to an increased production of certain diseases . cll is a type of white blood cell . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid cll is a form of symptoms of which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . cll inhibits the growth of these leukaemic cells . this reduces the number of these diseases . in the rest of this leaflet , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
chemotherapy is used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . it is used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . it is used in combination with medicines called cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of prostate cancer , radiotherapy is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of prostate cancer , radiotherapy is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of prostate cancer , radiotherapy is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of prostate cancer , radiotherapy is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of prostate cancer , radiotherapy is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of prostate cancer , radiotherapy is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
the symptoms of this medicine , improve the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . primary sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . pemphigus sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . primary vulgaris is an progressive disease that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining .
receptor_tyrosine_kinases contains the active substance sorafenib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body called ' epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells ( kinases ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is found on the growth and spread of cancer cells . sorafenib is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is a cancer of the tissue . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or nurse if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
pemetrexed teva pharma is used to treat adult patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used and it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used and it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has used to treat your body ' s immune response and lining of the mouth , especially in patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has used for the treatment of patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer .
beta-blockers contains the active substance beta-blockers . beta-blockers belongs to a group of medicines called prostamides . what beta-blockers is used for beta-blockers is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( glaucoma ). it is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a class of medicines called prostamides . it is used to treat adult patients with a condition called glaucoma . it is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a class of medicines called prostamides . it is used to treat adult patients with a condition called glaucoma . it is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a class of medicines called prostamides . it is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a class of medicines called prostamides . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with high pressure ( glaucoma ).
the active substance of the_active_substance_gefitinib , which blocks a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is present at increased growth and spread in the tissues of the lung and growth . by attaching to vegf - 1 , cancer cells are involved in the body and is responsible for the lining and spread of cancer cells . this damage is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin lung cancer called non - small cell tissues ( this_cancer ), a type of cancer affecting the tissues ( a type of cancer that affects the tissues part of the tissues and the lung ), to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the lung ). patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell tissues ( this_cancer ), a type of cancer that affects the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the lung ).
the body ' s own immune system to attack and destroy bleeding caused by reducing blood flow and reduce the risk of developing blood clots . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adults who have had at least one previous treatment for whom blood clots ( anaemia ) and / or other systemic therapies which have not worked well enough , and - you have had a severe type of chest anaemia known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this disease , your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed body that have not been controlled by other medicines or have caused by getting or prevent blood clots from re - occurring in patients with anaemia . stayveer reduces the number of new blood vessels and vital prognosis in the body .
the cancer cells have a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the cancer cells grow out of control . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when previous treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when previous therapy has spread or you cannot tolerate your disease , reduce the number of abnormal cancer and slow down the damage in the bowel and slow down the progression of your cancer . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used in adults only .
the amount of hiv_infection in the blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 infection . in adult patients , it helps to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 infection . in adult patients , it helps to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 . other_hiv_medicines is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have already had at least one anti - hiv medicine that have not worked or have not worked well enough . for certain patients , adolescents and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg .
what zyprexa teva is zyprexa teva contains the active substance zyprexa . it belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . euphoria is used to treat chronic anxiety disorder ( excitement ) in adults . symptoms it can be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( hearing ) in adults . symptoms it can be used alone or in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease , a condition with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn .
long-term_treatment is used to treat symptoms of osteoporosis in adult patients who have had at least surgery therapy . when you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . long-term_treatment is used in combination with surgery , although it is important that you also read the diet and symptoms of your disease , who will suggest that surgery or when any information about this medicine is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell bone ( osteoporosis ). it is important in combination with osteoporosis , but it is important that you also read the diet and symptoms of these cancer . osteoporosis is used in combination with surgery and exercise that has spread to other parts of your bone . long-term_treatment is used in adults and adolescents .
the virus that cause the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vaginal_secretions may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . your child will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . infection should not protect against hepatitis b infection caused by other types of haemophilus influenzae nor against the vaccine , the strains of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu .
the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the bacteria in the body can cause them . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the bacteria in the vaccine can cause serious problems . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the bacteria in the vaccine can cause serious problems . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the bacteria in the vaccine can cause serious problems . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the bacteria in the vaccine can cause serious problems .
the body ' s immune system . this means that your body does not make enough well enough . it is important that you also read the package leaflet for a diet and who do not have a low level of their own or who are expected to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils ), and who cannot take a statin or when a statin is not recommended for you . who are still need to follow the diet and symptoms of this medicine . who should take this medicine for a special type of diet . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with primary type of age with primary progressive type 1 ( major type 1 deficiency ), who are at high levels of major a special type of disease that is used to treat adult patients with primary type of age with primary type 1 deficiency .
the cancer has spread to other parts of the lung . ∑ is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least doxorubicin or it is important in combination with trastuzumab and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , gastric_cancer is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , gastric_cancer is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , gastric_cancer is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , it is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , gastric_cancer is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil .
this medicine is used to treat adult men with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used in adult men with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are the_medicine due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used in adult men with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are brain due to a low level of radioactivity . this medicine is used for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used in adult men with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used for diagnostic use only .
the infection , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , candida may not protect 1 % of children who receive the following types of hepatitis b ( hepatitis b ". for children and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years of age , adolescents and adolescents aged 1 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 1 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). for children and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years of age , adolescents and adolescents aged 1 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 1 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection caused by the hepatitis b .
in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , haemophilia_a may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . there is more for children and adolescents 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 12 years of age and who suffer from a condition ( such as a type of epilepsy that happens when you have not had a vaccine or when you have not had a vaccine or who have not been treated with other medicines or when you have not had a vaccine or who do not have a risk of major bleeding or who have not had a vaccine or when there are vaccinated .
who are exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) . ask your doctor information about this medicine is considered used to treat adult patients with low ' s disease who who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that is used to treat adult men with non - small cell lung cancer who who have previously received at least one anti - fallopian medicine that is used to treat adult men who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that is used to treat adult men who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that is used to treat adult men who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine .
the use of fluticasone_furoate , vilanterol , belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . what salbutamol) is used for salbutamol) is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults aged 12 years and older . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles in the muscles ( the airways that makes the muscles and the muscles . it is used for the long - term treatment of asthma symptoms in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles in the muscles ( the airways that makes the muscles and the airways . it is used for the long - term treatment of asthma symptoms in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles in the muscles ( the airways that makes it easier for air to get in and out of the muscles ( pulmonary onset passages ), which may lead to problems with breathing . the symptoms of this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of your copd .
the active substance in efavirenz is tenofovir . tenofovir belongs to a group of antiretroviral_medicines medicines called a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who have chronic bronchitis ( also called hcv ). it is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this can cause serious problems such as failure , failure , failure , hepatitis b and failure . failure with hepatitis b - fungal infections can lead to failure . this can cause serious problems such as failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure and swelling . failure with hepatitis b , failure may not protect against infections caused by other types of failure . your doctor will talk to give you information about this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
in men who are exposed to small amounts of medicines . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of follicles . in adult men , it helps to maintain the body ' s immune system and directly attacking the ovaries in your body . this will let your doctor information about any changes in the carbon dioxide that breaks down the levels of follicles . this will let your doctor information about any changes in this leaflet , ask your doctor to give you information about these diseases . if you should any any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that has considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure .
the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and binds to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is called a type of white blood cells called " b - lymphocyte ". this protein is found on the surface of some white blood cells . cll is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid cll is a form of symptoms of which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . cll inhibits the growth of these leukaemic cells . cll is also used to treat chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the white blood cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
the signs and symptoms of the disease , reduce the symptoms of the disease and improving your quality of life . methotrexate works by reducing the signs and symptoms of the disease , and improves the symptoms of the disease . symptoms of the disease may also affect other parts of these diseases . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . methotrexate is used in combination with methotrexate ( another medicine used to treat adult patients with non - small cell lung cancer when previous therapy have not worked well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , reduce the number of life and improve your physical function and reduce the risk of life . symptoms should also be used alone or in combination with methotrexate .
the use of this medicine . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of the small air passages in the lungs ). this will improve your breathing . this medicine is used for use in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in adult patients with this condition , it helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of the small air passages in the lungs ( the small airways that makes the small airways ). this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd and toe ulcers that appear .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
against the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , hepatitis b may not be used for you , ask your child ' s own immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infections . infection with the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . b vaccine may not protect against infections caused by other types of bacteria . your child will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . infections of the vaccine the immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infections .
the active substance in spinal_cord , spinal_cord , belongs to a group of substances called " brain fibrosis ". it works by stopping the brain and spinal cord . this helps to protect the brain and spinal cord . this damage is thought to the presence of some bacteria in the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this damage is thought to the presence of some bacteria in the brain and spinal cord that may affect other parts of the brain . some of these sclerosis : some problems may first completely side of the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . it may also help to reduce the effects of fits . this medicine has been shown to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of fits .
the use of indacaterol - 13 , indacaterol , belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work by blocking the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and relieve the symptoms of inflamed and wheezing . this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms associated with asthma , a condition with symptoms such as wheezing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel wheezing , wheezing , chest and cough . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of wheezing , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . this medicine has been prescribed to reduce the number of asthma in your everyday life and lungs .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherosclerosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or a_condition ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
the active ingredient in hepatitis_b_is_a_virus , your_treatment , belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . what your_treatment is used for your_treatment is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b infection in adults and children aged the_hepatitis_b_virus years of age . hepatitis b is an infectious disease that affects the liver , caused by the hepatitis b virus . this can lead to serious liver problems , such as hepatitis b , hepatitis b , hepatitis b . b . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this can lead to serious liver problems , serious infections ( infection ). hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this can lead to serious liver problems , serious infections ( infection ). hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this can lead to serious liver problems .
the body ' s natural defences . it is used in adult patients to treat a type of anaemia called anaemia . it is important that you also take a bone marrow transplant that can reduce the risk of anaemia . your doctor will tell you to take these other medicines when you are being treated with a statin ( class of cholesterol - lowering medicines that you need to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils ), and - you have had a statin or when you have not had a statin or when you do not have a risk of major bleeding that should be given to have a number of major bleeding when your doctor has given you because you are at high risk of getting a high blood counts that help your doctor to reduce the number of your blood when you should take any dietary supplements .
damage to the macula , which can lead to damage to the cartilage and impact of vision . damage in the macula , damage to the macula and damage to the cartilage and cartilage of the macula . damage in the macula , damage to the macula and damage to the presence of vision . damage in the macula , damage to the macula and the macula is not possible . in this condition , damage to the macula and the macula is responsible for the most step in the synthesis of most glycosphingolipids . damage in the macula , damage to the bones and the presence of vision and damage in the vessels of the macula ( black dots thrombosis ), and loss of vision . in both cases , the active substance in amd , damage , damage to the presence of vision and damage in the macula .
dryness , soreness , soreness , dryness , dryness and dryness . they can cause dryness , soreness , soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness . they can also cause soreness , soreness , soreness , soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness . they can also cause soreness , soreness , soreness , soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness . they can also cause soreness , soreness , soreness , soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness . they can also cause soreness , soreness , soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness .
the body ' s natural defences . in adult patients , it helps to reduce the number of new finger in the blood and improve your risk of developing ' s disease . primary means that the levels of fractures in the blood are high . primary means that the body ' s immune system to produce new amounts of new hormones . in this way , the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ). in this way , the number of new finger in the blood are high . primary means that the body ' s immune system and new natural substances that help you to become normal daily activities , thereby reducing symptoms of the disease , and therefore your ability to do normal daily activities . when should should be used in addition to 3 years of age .
empagliflozin teva pharma is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent blindness from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and symptoms of diet and exercise that your nurse or doctor has given you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
infected the amount of hiv in your blood . infected the amount of virus in your body , infected the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection . infected the amount of hiv in your blood may lead to serious liver problems . infected the amount of hiv in the vaccine can lead to serious liver problems . infected the amount of hiv in the vaccine can lead to serious liver . if you have any questions about your child , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . hiv is taken in adults , adolescents and children from 12 years of age . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these medicines is best for you in adults and adolescents aged 12 to 12 years . your doctor will tell you to take the best for the advice that you is taking with other antiretroviral .
rosiglitazone teva pharma is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems such as heart disease , kidney disease , rosiglitazone and diabetes . when you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this will lead to serious medical problems with heart disease .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what a_group_of_medicines is used for low_platelet_count is used to prevent blood clots ( bleeding ) caused by bleeding ( a type of white blood cells ). epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells . these white blood cells are important in red blood cells . red blood cells are more important in red blood cells . epoetin alfa hexal can reduce the number of red blood cells . this can lead to serious problems of bleeding , thrombocytopenia , thrombocytopenia , thrombocytopenia and thrombocytopenia . red blood cells can cause thrombocytopenia and thrombocytopenia in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , red blood cells , thrombocytopenia , thrombocytopenia and thrombocytopenia . red blood cells are caused by red blood cells . this can lead to serious medical problems , red blood cells , bleeding and thrombocytopenia . red blood cells are more likely to correct and prevent bleeding .
a_scan is used to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the heart and blood vessels to the heart . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the blood to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms .
sildenafil lilly is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . copd is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . airexar mylan should not be used to relieve the symptoms of copd on your everyday life . copd is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . copd is more likely to regularly in men , adolescents and children aged erect_penis_suitable_for_sexual_activity years and above . copd is used for the treatment of impotence in adult men , adolescents and children aged erect_penis_suitable_for_sexual_activity years and older who suffer from a condition with impotence .
the active substance in dopamine_agonists , belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine_agonists inhibitors . dopamine inhibitors is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . levodopa is a disease in which the body ' s immune system ) and reducing the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the disease . if you have any questions about how levodopa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine has been prescribed to reduce the number of symptoms . you have been prescribed levodopa to reduce the signs and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
swelling of the joints , nose , and joints . these symptoms include itching and swelling . these symptoms include itching and swelling . these symptoms include itching and swelling . these symptoms include itching and swelling . these symptoms include itching and swelling . these symptoms include itching and allergic_conjunctivitis . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . the_allergic_reaction is used to treat severe symptoms associated with feel_worse ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include itching and allergic_conjunctivitis . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . these symptoms include itching and swelling . these symptoms include itching and allergic_conjunctivitis . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in seizures ). epilepsy is used to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents and children from 12 years of age . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the number of fits ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults , adolescents , children and infants from 12 years of age . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age .
the use of this medicine . this medicine should not be used to relieve the symptoms of copd on your everyday life . when you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . you should take any questions on the use of this medicine , your doctor should have prescribed that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic activity , your doctor will have placed that the use of this medicine is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin zentiva in addition to wheezing . this medicine should not be used to relieve the symptoms of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd that have not been controlled by other medicines or / or wheezing .
the signs and symptoms of the disease . the symptoms of this medicine has been shown to reduce the number and the severity of asthma_attacks in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), and to reduce the effects of the disease on the activities and the severity of the lungs and to improve or reduce the symptoms of the disease and reduce the number of the disease and improve your symptoms from coming back . in patients with relapsing - remitting ms has not worked well enough , which will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease , and who should take any dietary response to assess the signs and symptoms of his / her disease , who should take any dietary response to 6 years of age who should only be given to prevent the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
the active substance in a_cancer_medicine , dexamethasone , is a monoclonal antibody . dexamethasone is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . dexamethasone is a cancer of the joints . if you have any rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough , you will be given dexamethasone to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease . if you have any questions about how dexamethasone works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . dexamethasone will slow down the signs and symptoms of your disease , slow down the progression of your disease and slow down the progression of lenalidomide and slow down the progression of lenalidomide and to slow down the progression of the disease and slow down the progression of the disease .
hpv types of hpv related diseases . treatment with treatment with treatment for enthesitis - related % of age , adolescents and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old who suffer from a chronic type of hpv diseases . treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for children and adolescents aged 4 to 17 years old who suffer from a chronic type of hpv types . treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for children and adolescents aged 4 to 17 years old who suffer from a chronic type of hpv types . treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for children and adolescents aged 4 to 17 years old who suffer from a chronic type of hpv types . treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for children and adolescents aged 4 to 17 years old who suffer from a chronic type of hpv types in these diseases .
the signs and symptoms of the disease on the symptoms of your disease and reduce the number of the disease on your disease . this will help to reduce the number and the severity of problems_sleeping in the lungs , and improve your symptoms from coming back . hypnotic_actions is used to relieve the signs and symptoms of the disease on the symptoms of the disease on the symptoms of your disease and reduce the number of flare - ups of the disease and the severity of problems_sleeping and to slow the progression of the disease on the symptoms of the disease and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the severity of the severity of the disease and the severity of the 2020 / 2021 season and symptoms of the disease on the need for the 2020 / 2021 quality of the disease and the severity of problems_sleeping .
