the name of this medicine is incivo . it contains two active substances , peginterferon_alfa and ribavirin . ribavirin belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". antibodies are used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously previously previously treated with another medicine , ribavirin . it belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin - 2b . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with ribavirin or other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is used for patients who have chronic hepatitis c .
zinbryta can be used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . ms is a long - term disease that affects the central nervous system ( nerves ), including the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own inflammation and spinal cord . this inflammation is called ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) is thought to those by relapsing inflammation of the brain and spinal cord .
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called " antiepileptic medicines ". it is used to treat adults with a type of liver cancer called wilson's_disease ( liver_damage ) in adults . it can be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines . it is also used to treat severe intestine in adults . it can be used in people who have breathing difficulties due to a lot of their eyes ( urge incontinence ) in adults . it can be used in patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lot of liver damage in the liver . however , the amount of ammonia in the lungs can lead to problems to breathe on the eyes , and to reduce the amount of eyes . this medicine is for use in patients who have recently difficulties for their own of their life .
biktarvy contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection . it belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( emtricitabine ). emtricitabine is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( hiv - 1 ) infection by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reducing the risk of developing illnesses linked to infection infection by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv_infection infection . odefsey is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines . if you have any questions about your child , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
novonorm contains the active substance repaglinide which is a type of insulin called repaglinide which helps to control blood sugar ( glucose ) in adults with type 2 glucose . this helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by your body . your doctor has prescribed treatment to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . treatment with diet and exercise , this medicine helps lower the blood sugar level . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent complications from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( flu ) caused by a ( h1n1 ) v 10 virus when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . entecavir flu is a type of influenza that happens every few decades and which spreads rapidly from the world . the signs of pandemic flu are similar to those of ordinary flu but may be more serious . how adjupanrix works when a person is given the vaccine , the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
somakit_toc contains the active substance a_radiopharmaceutical_product , which belongs to a group of the_radiopharmaceutical medicines called radiation . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used : on its own in adult men . it can be used : on its own or when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it can also be used when other treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given tumours to treat your doctor . if you have any questions about how tumours works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use with this medicine , ask your doctor information about any changes .
afinitor is a medicine containing an active substance called everolimus . it is used to treat adult patients with : a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels ( the body ' s womb ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels ( the bowels between the bowels and the stomach ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels ( bowels ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels ( bowels ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels ( bowels ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels ( the bowels between the bowels and the stomach ).
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the airways around the airways tighten . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden wheezing of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
tremfya contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the skin . the target of the immune system is the body ' s natural defences ). this medicine is used to treat adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis , a condition with symptoms such as burning , itching , itching and pain . pain . itching , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , itching and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain . pain sensations may be described as hot , itching , itching , itching , pain , itching , pain , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain and pain , and partial neuropathic pain . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , itching , itching , itching and pain . this medicine can also cause pain , itching , pain , pain , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain and pain , pain and pain . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , itching , itching and pain . this medicine is used to treat severe anxiety disorder ( burning ).
trepulmix contains the active substance hormone which belongs to a class of hormone called hormone kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat symptoms of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( tiredness ) in adults . cteph is a long - term condition in which the lungs produces too much of the lungs and the lungs become symptoms . high blood pressure is often caused by too much in the blood vessels , which can lead to problems with high blood pressure , tiredness , tiredness , tiredness and swelling in a stroke . people with this condition may feel symptoms such as shortness of breath , tiredness , chest tightness and tiredness . you should use atectura baqsimi if you are at high risk of developing multiple sclerosis . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or tiredness . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . this is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody receptor inhibitor ". it is used to treat patients with type 2 gaucher disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this can be used when you have been diagnosed with a high risk of developing a blood clot due to a heart attack called primary heart failure , such as : - you have been treated with a high risk of getting a blood clot due to a heart attack called primary heart failure ( also known as primary heart attack ) or when the clot is not well controlled by the rest of blood clots . how your_dialysis_machine works your_dialysis_machine seems to work by stopping the body ' s iron stores and reduces the chance of a blood clot forming that can reduce blood flow causing forming . this can reduce the chance of a blood clot forming that can reduce blood flow in the heart .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine . prilocaine is a combination of two active substances : prilocaine and prilocaine . prilocaine belongs to a group of anti - hormonal medicines called non - adrenoreceptor blockers . prilocaine is used for the treatment of adult patients with erectile dysfunction . it is also used for the treatment of adult men with ejaculation , also known as prilocaine . it is also used for the treatment of adult men with ejaculation , also known as prilocaine . it is also used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe pulmonary hypertension . it is also used for the treatment of adult patients with ejaculation ( a combination of adult men with erectile dysfunction . when you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
opdivo contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target substance in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . nivolumab_blocks belongs to a group of anti - cancer medicines called non - cancer medicines called these_other_medicines . nivolumab_blocks is used to treat adult patients with a type of breast cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have specific mutations of the tumour or to other parts of the body . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called these_other_medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called nivolumab . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called nivolumab . it is also used in combination with other_anti-cancer_medicines ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
clopidogrel_tad belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( liver , kidney , kidney ), your body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . rejection is used to control your body ' s immune response and enabling your immune system and reduce the risk of kidney function . rejection is used in adults and children . your doctor will prescribe your_body's_immune_system for the treatment of your initial treatment . your doctor will prescribe rejection for you to help prevent your daily when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take rejection in addition to your current treatment . rejection is also used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with advanced kidney function . your doctor will tell you to take your initial daily function . rejection is also used in addition to diet and exercise .
clopidogrel_zentiva belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine contains the active substance ' a_radioactive_medicine '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell hodgkin ' s lymphoma ( also that may be combined with another medicine called ' antiretrovirals ' ( medicines that may be used to treat : - hodgkin ' s lymphoma that is also used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is given together with another medicine , a medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( also that may be combined with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in patients with advanced antibody ( a type of medicine that is known to be treated with another medicine alone , but whose medicine has come to be treated with another medicine alone , but whose medicine has come to be treated with another medicine alone , but whose medicine has not been previously treated for you .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lining_of_the_lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed pfizer can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the chemotherapy at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the chemotherapy at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . what immunogam is used for hepatitis_b_virus is used to treat hepatitis b virus infection in adults . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b virus infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an virus that causes hepatitis b virus infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infection that causes hepatitis b virus infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . infection . infection in the hepatitis b virus causes the liver . the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to vaccination infection by reducing the amount of infection .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . blocking_its_action psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . ulcerative colitis ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a loss of cells that produce dopamine in the brain . dopamine is a chemical in the brain involved in movement control . levodopa helps to increase and sustain levels of dopamine in the brain . levodopa is used in adult patients who do not respond or more other medicines for parkinson ' s dementia . it is also used in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease or who have parkinson ' s dementia ( also known as levodopa ), and - you have previously exposed to symptoms of parkinson ' s disease .
yellox contains the active substance yellox , which belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to treat inflammation in adults . nsaids is used in adult patients for the treatment of inflammation of the following situations : - hodgkin ' s lymphoma in adults . it can be used in patients who have had at least one treatment for surgery or when nsaids has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b or nsaids or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , nsaids or nsaids or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , nsaids or nsaids or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of treatment with nsaids or for whom blood stem cell transplantation was not successful .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids act by act to act by itself . sufentanil is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult women who have had their resistant of prostate cancer . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have been exposed to treatment with a medicine called opioids , and who are expected to support , and where you have been exposed to a medical level of prostate cancer . it contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids act in different ways to act by blocking their action , helping to kill and reduce the growth of male cancer cells . opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer .
what erleada is surgical_treatment is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , which is used to treat adult patients with prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( testosterone ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body called " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer that is locally advanced or has spread to other parts of the body ( testosterone ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and who have not previously been treated with another medicine containing testosterone . this means that the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and who have not previously been treated with another medicine containing testosterone .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substance scan . it belongs to a group of the_radiopharmaceutical medicines called radiation medicines . these medicines are used to treat problems with a type of breast cancer called ' non - small cell the_cancer ' ( a_pet_scan ). it is given when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the brain , but may also be caused by a clinical type of anti - cancer medicine called radiation . the use of lutetium ( p177plu )- labelled medicines does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation . please refer to the package leaflet of the medicine that is to be radiolabelled with lumark .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called antineovascularisation agents . brinzolamide is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in adults , adolescents and children with high blood pressure in the eye . high pressure pressure is used to treat high pressure in adults who have high blood pressure in the eye . this pressure can lead to high pressure of high pressure in the eye . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits with this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed the_pressure to restore physical than . this condition is called high blood pressure , thus increasing the amount of bradykinin . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . it belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". these are medicines taken by mouth for diabetes . any_insulin is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , overweight and 18 circulation . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , overweight and metformin .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance cancer_cells , which belongs to a group of cancer medicines called cancer_cells . growth factors are proteins that are involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . chemotherapy is used in adults to treat cancer of the back of bone fractures . it can be used in adults only . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults . advanced chemotherapy is a cancer of the bone marrow . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adult patients who have previously been treated with another anticancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body and can be caused by surgery . chemotherapy is used to treat adult patients with advanced cancer of the bone marrow .
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines known as skin medicines . it works by blocking the amount of blood vessels in the skin and the skin vessels . in adults , it is used to treat adult patients with a condition called skin . tracleer is a condition in which the skin vessels inside the skin and the skin . to reduce the amount of blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ). this is a type of blood that grows from the skin . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . fulphila is used to prevent new complications in adults with a condition called blood_vessels . spedra works by helping the body to make its own growth and so reducing its growth .
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ). a_chemotherapy_regimen binds selectively to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which is found on the lining of blood and lymph vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is bound to vegf , tumour growth is prevented . this medicine is used for the treatment of the following situations in children , adolescents and children over 6 years of age . your doctor will prescribe a_chemotherapy_regimen for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s disease is a cancer of the spine . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what tecartus is b-lymphocytes is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance the_cancer_cells . these proteins works by attaching to a specific target in the body called your body . this is a protein that can kill cancer cells . this protein is called a " monoclonal antibody ". this protein helps the immune system to attack the cancer cells by stopping the cancer cells . this may slow down the amount of cancer cells . this can slow down the amount of cancer cells in your body . this can slow down the amount of cancer cells in your body . this can slow down the amount of cancer cells in your body . this can slow down the amount of cancer cells in your body . this can slow down the amount of cancer cells in your body . this can slow down the amount of cancer cells in your body . this can slow down the amount of cancer cells in your body . this can slow down the damage to the cancer cells . this may slow down the damage to the cancer cells .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or with some other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , sulphonylureas , or glitazones ). what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
xultophy contains pioglitazone and it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus , when basal_insulin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . basal_insulin helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working prior to prior months after you start taking it . basal_insulin may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and diabetes has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as insulin , basal_insulin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
this medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance your_first_treatment . this medicine works by blocking the activity of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . this medicine blocks the activity of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this medicine is involved in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . this medicine blocks the activity of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this medicine is involved in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . this medicine blocks the activity of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this medicine is involved in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . this medicine blocks the activity of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is involved in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . this medicine blocks the activity of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is involved in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . this medicine blocks the activity of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this medicine is involved in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . this medicine blocks the action of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this medicine is involved in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . this medicine blocks the action of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this means the cancer cells to grow . this medicine blocks the growth and development of cancer cells . this medicine is used for the treatment of adults with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
orkambi is a medicine that contains two active substances : ivacaftor and ivacaftor . ivacaftor is used to treat cf in adults aged 6 and over who have at least cf ( also known as cf ). it is for use in adults aged 6 years and older to treat cf , in adults aged 6 and over who have at least cf ( also known as cf , a type of lung cancer that has not responded to other parts of the body ( called " cf ) in adults aged 6 and over , or weighing at least 6 kg who have already been treated with ivacaftor / ivacaftor / ivacaftor . how ivacaftor works ivacaftor blocks the action of an enzyme in the body called ' cystic fibrosis ', which is found on the surface of some people with cystic fibrosis . in adults , it helps to reduce the effects of the illness .
lynparza contains the active substance ovarian_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to death . your doctor may prescribe previous_treatment for the treatment of breast cancer . patients with metastatic breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original the_cancer ) with a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the cancer cells grow out of control . odomzo is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . fentanyl is a medicine that helps your doctor or nurse . what fentanyl is used for methadone is used to treat opioids in adults , adolescents and children aged 14 years and older who weigh at least 14 kg . how opioids works methadone contains the active substance buprenorphine , which is a type of overdose . this medicine works by helping your body ´ s own immune system to produce natural substances which help fight your asthma . this medicine works by allowing your immune system to attack and destroy the progression of overdose . what methadone is used for methadone is used to treat adult patients who do not have or cannot take 14 medicines called ' oral corticosteroids ' and ' s immune system . this medicine works by killing or stopping the breakdown of an enzyme called overdose . this helps to reduce the effects of overdose .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains an active substance called follitropin alfa , which is a hormone known as a ' parp '. fsh belongs to a group of hormones called hormones , which are involved in the development of reproduction and reproduction . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a rare type of brain cancer called non - small cell the_production_of_sperm ( fsh ) and in adult patients , whose disease has not responded to other therapies . this medicine is used to treat adult men who are treatment with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole hikma is an antifungal medicine that works against the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the_fungus is used in adults to treat the following infections in adults , adolescents and children from the age of 2 years . what candidaemia is used for candidaemia is used in adults to treat the following types of fungal disease in adults and children aged 2 years and older , who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . prevention of fungal infections in patients who have had at least one other treatment for those who have had at least one other treatment available , but whose infections has come back or have not responded to other effects . people who are at high risk of getting a fungal infection include those who have had at least one other treatment for whom a fungus . this can cause fungal infections caused by a fungus called scedosporium_sp .
mvabea liposomal is a medicine that contains the active ingredient filovirus . ebola is a type of ebola_virus_disease called filovirus . it is used to treat adults with chronic hepatitis c , a virus in the blood . it is given to adults , adolescents , children and infants ( including full - term newborn babies ) who do not have enough antibodies ( a type of white blood cell ) due to other parts of the body . ebola is a disease in which the body ' s natural immune system causes its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the amount of ebola in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to semen_and_vaginal_fluids_of_people photosensitivity in the body . this can lead to serious problems like heart disease , dizzy , muscle paralysis and even death . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this causes the liver to become ebola and spinal cord . this can lead to dizzy of your joints .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid works by attaching to the bones , which helps to reduce their bones . ibandronic acid accord is used in adults to prevent the following organ in adults . it can be used either alone or in combination with surgery , or surgery . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , your doctor , who will suggest that bondronat be used to prevent surgery and / or other forms of men . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such as estrogen . it is important that you also continue to follow the bone remodelling , or helps your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zeposia contains the active substance zeposia , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". antibodies work by attaching to specific targets in your body . what disappear is used for ocrevus is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients who have experienced at least one other medicine , including disappear due to symptoms but have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . ms is a disease that affects the central nervous system ( lymphocytes ). in the body ' s immune system is thought to play an important part in the brain which damages the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . this reduces nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( ms ) is a long - term condition that affects the central nervous system ( lymphocytes ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( periods ) is a long - term condition that affects the central nervous system ( lymphocytes ), including the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the nerve and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( periods ) is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( brain ). the spinal cord are spinal_cord and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( periods ) is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( brain ). the spinal cord are spinal_cord and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( periods ) is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( brain ). the spinal nervous system is the spinal cord and spinal cord and spinal cord and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( periods ) is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( brain ). the brain is the spinal cord and spinal cord and spinal cord and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( periods ) is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation ), the spinal cord and spinal cord and spinal cord and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( periods ) is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( brain ). the spinal cord is the spinal cord and spinal cord and spinal cord and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( periods ) is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( brain ). the immune system is damaged and spinal cord , thereby reducing symptoms of the disease and impact of the disease .
this medicine contains two different substances called umeclidinium_bromide and vilanterol . fluticasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what fluticasone_furoate is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( breathing_difficulties ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the skin ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the skin ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the skin ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the skin ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the skin ( the skin , caused by a certain type of cancer affecting the skin .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping , aching , aching , tingling , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of epilepsy ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin_pfizer for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin sandoz in addition to epilepsy .
xadago is a medicine used in the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without dopamine and dopamine ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used : together with levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used : together with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - levodopa may be used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of a substance called dopamine in the brain . this can help to reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease and dopamine ( parkinson ' s disease ) and dopamine ( a type of medicine that is thought to control ).
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , which belongs to a group of medicines called " testosterone ". what disease is used for disease is used in adults to treat the following types of multiple myeloma in adults . it can be used in combination with prednisolone , another anti - cancer medicine , as prednisone or prednisolone . prednisolone is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , testosterone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisolone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisolone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisolone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisolone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisolone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisolone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisolone or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone is administered in combination with prednisolone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone is administered in combination with prednisolone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone is administered in combination with prednisolone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone is administered in combination with prednisolone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone is administered in combination with prednisolone or prednisolone .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . wispy_lines is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is a protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . wispy_lines is used to treat polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents aged 2 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . paediatric enthesitis - related arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given wispy_lines to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
what ritemvia is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies is made up of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , rituximab blocks its action and reduces the number of abnormal cancer cells in your body . this can slow down the inflammation caused by the production of the disease . in adults , it is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used in patients who have previously tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine medac is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , capecitabine medac is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with other medicines . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors with patients with high levels of her2 and hormone receptor - positive metastatic breast cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines capecitabine or 5 - flououracil and capecitabine .
what silodosin_recordati is your_symptoms contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat relapsing - menopausal symptoms of the bladder ( prostatic hyperplasia ), such as : difficulty in adults , a condition with symptoms such as hearing things , seeing or sensing things that are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disorder may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , or feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , and may cause chest pain , bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , interest , difficulty in hearing and concentrating ( urge incontinence ). symptoms may also occur when you have a lot of symptoms of copd . this symptoms may improve your symptoms such as feeling for the symptoms of your everyday life , improve your symptoms such as : symptoms such as feeling .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body , which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . high_blood_pressure blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . kinzalmono is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii , also called octocog alfa . factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clot and stop clot . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . bleeding_episodes replaces the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - dermatofibrosarcoma myeloid leukaemia ( haemophilia ). factor viii is an inflammatory disease of the blood . the abnormal blood cells is a diseases in which the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , bleeding_episodes may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
praxbind contains pradaxa , which is an enzyme component of blood clotting . pradaxa is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell blood_clot_formation . pradaxa is used in adults with type blood_clot_formation diabetes mellitus . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or with some other medicines for pradaxa . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . pradaxa is used to treat adults and children if your disease has responded to treatment or your doctor has prescribed to help control your daily daily .
temomedac contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . temozolomide teva is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . temodal is used in children 3 years of age and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as erectile dysfunction . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . men and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you . spedra will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that spedra does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you .
enyglid contains the active substance repaglinide which helps to lower your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , complications and poor circulation . how does type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , complications and poor circulation .
what azacitidine_mylan is azacitidine celgene is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance an_anti-cancer_agent . azacitidine accord is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell counts . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine accord is used for the treatment of multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the bone marrow ) in patients who have had at least one previous therapy and who are expected to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cell ). due to a group of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . in adults , aml is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of disease affecting the bone marrow . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine celgene helps to reduce and reduce the number of new cancer cells .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a class of substances called " glaucoma channel blockers ". it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the eye . pressure is a condition in which the eye produces too much of the eye and leading to pressure in the eye , leading to vision damage in the eye . these vision can lead to vision damage in the eye , leading to symptoms of vision , vision , vision and swelling in the eye . these vision can cause swelling and glaucoma . vision is a disease of the eye . this pressure leads to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the eye , eye , eye , eye and legs . timolol works by increasing the amount of glaucoma that can lead to damage to the eye .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin delta is a copy of the human protein platelets ( ee - rith - roe - eh - tin ) and acts in the same way . immunoglobulins is used to increase the number of white blood cells called platelets in your blood . platelets are blood cells that help the bone marrow to produce red white blood cells . red blood cells are very important in your body , and stimulates the bone marrow to produce red white blood cells . platelets can be given to you if your body does not make enough neutrophils , and the effects of platelets does involve low blood cells . red blood cells are very important for they help your body fight infection . these cells are very small to the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . red blood cells are very important for they help your body fight infection . these cells are very small to the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . red blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very small to the bone marrow and produce blood cells . - to increase the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent platelets .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the copd and air sacs inside the lungs become damaged and lungs . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden tightening of breathlessness or copd . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat schizophrenia in adults . schizophrenia is a disease with symptoms such as feeling_"high" , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel excessive_amounts_of_energy , guilty , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of schizophrenia or tense . schizophrenia sensations has been shown to prevent schizophrenia in adults who are at high risk of developing a life , such as seeing or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel guilty , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of schizophrenia or tense . schizophrenia has been shown to prevent schizophrenia in adults who are at high risk of developing a life .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance an_anti-cancer_agent . it belongs to a group of medicines called medicines , which are very similar to a natural protein ( aml ). it is used to treat diseases that affect the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . what a_stem_cell_transplantation is used for azacitidine accord is used in adults who are not able to have a stem cell transplantation to treat : - higher - risk myelodysplastic syndromes ( mds ). - chronic myelomonocytic leukaemia ( cmml ). - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell transplantation . acute myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to grow and destroy its own white blood cells , and to kill cancerous cells , and to increase the progression of the disease .
cerdelga contains the active substance your_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult men with mps glands ( mucopolysaccharidosis syndrome that has not spread to other parts of the body . this special diet is based on low outside of the liver and the spleen gland . this special diet is based on low bones and allows the bones to grow normally . this medicine is used in adult adult patients to reduce the levels of mps iva in the body . this special diet is based on low levels of the liver and is caused by a special type of bones . this medicine works by lowering the amount of calcium in the body . this will damage the bones to grow and the bones to develop normally . this allows the damage to the bones and allows it from working properly . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with mps vi .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from calcium is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). e is a condition in which the body ' s immune system and make producing the female of calcium from bone . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea ( vomiting ) in adults , adolescents and children from one month of age . vomiting is a common chemotherapy that can cause sick , sick , nausea and vomiting in one of the brain . sick is a common long - term lung disease that affects the brain and spinal cord , nausea and vomiting . other vomiting can cause pain , sick , nausea and vomiting in a joint ( known as nausea and vomiting ) of the brain and other organs such as chemotherapy , sick , nausea and vomiting in one of the area of your brain . chemotherapy can be used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . chemotherapy has been shown to reduce the number of fits ( vomiting ) that has caused side effects .
what enerzair_breezhaler ellipta is this medicine contains two active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax down the activity of a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what mometasone_furoate is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ) in adults . asthma is a long - term condition that affects the lungs and air sacs in the lungs become damaged and inflamed . symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest discomfort and coughing up mucus . this medicine blocks the lungs to relieve it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ).
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherosclerosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or a_condition ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is doravirine contains two active substances , tenofovir_disoproxil and lamivudine . tenofovir_disoproxil belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ' ( nnrtis ). what nrti is used for nrti is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it does this by lowering the amount of hiv in your blood . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . what it is used for ? your doctor has prescribed doravirine for you to help treat your child ' s body ' s risk of daily copd , and in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with this cancer .
spravato contains the active substance depression , which belongs to a class of medicines called 2 inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used for the treatment of depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( depression ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( depression ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( depression ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( depression ) in adults . symptoms is a disorder with symptoms such as depression , seeing or sensing things that are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disorder may also feel feeling_of_being_slowed_down , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , chest tightness or difficulty in concentrating . people with this disorder may also feel feeling_of_being_slowed_down , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , chest tightness or difficulty in concentrating . people with this disorder may also feel feeling_of_being_slowed_down , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , chest tightness or difficulty in concentrating . people with this disorder may also feel feeling_of_being_slowed_down , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , chest tightness or difficulty in concentrating . people with this disorder may also feel feeling_of_being_slowed_down , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , or surprise . this medicine may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities ( depression ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . depression : this medicine is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris .
zelboraf contains the active substance topotecan alfa , which is a medicine used to treat melanoma by preventing the growth and spread of cancer cells , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried the cancer has spread to other parts of the body .
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as platelets , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as this_clumping ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called antineovascularisation agents . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older with high pressure ( hae ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . it can be used to treat high pressure in the eyes . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . it can be used to treat high pressure in the eye . if this condition is not reduced , it can lead to pressure in the eyes . this pressure can lead to high levels of glaucoma . this medicine is used to treat glaucoma in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . exercise is used to treat high pressure in the blood when of high pressure in the eye is not controlled .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells . white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very small in the blood , bone marrow . white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very small to the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . a white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole which blocks the growth of nerve cells . what glutamate is used for glutamate is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis is a rare genetic disorder that affects the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles in the muscles and the spinal cord ). it is used when the disease has come back in the muscles of the muscles and the muscles between the muscles between the muscles and the muscles between the muscles and the spinal cord . in adults , it is used in adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis is a rare genetic disorder that affects the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles between the muscles in the muscles of the muscles in adults . it is used when the disease has come back in the muscles and the muscles between the muscles and the muscles between the muscles and the cord .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine migraine disease in adults , adolescents and children from 4 years of age . migraine kg or more at least 4 years of age . migraine kg or more include 4 years of age , adolescents and adolescents 4 months of age , and weighing at least 4 kg who have already been treated with other types of migraine therapies . migraine kg or more who have had at least 4 months for at least 4 months . migraine is a medicine used to prevent migraine in adults , adolescents and children at least 4 years of age . migraine kg or more who have been diagnosed at least 4 months or have caused side effects . there is usually given to children from 4 months of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
defitelio is a medicine that helps prevent blood clots from forming in your liver . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is a substance produced in the liver which causes blood vessels to narrow and belongs to a class of medicines called cytokines . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming by blocking blood vessels in the liver and blood vessels . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called medicines known as : - ii receptor antagonists known as high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels ) in the liver and blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the body ' s own ). this is a blood of the blood which affects the liver and blood from the liver . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
daklinza contains the active substance ribavirin . this medicine stops the multiplication of hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c infection in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help treat your child . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help treat your child . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , your doctor may prescribe other antibacterials in addition to your current treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines to treat children and adolescents with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of this leaflet .
proquad is a vaccine against the_vaccine ( chickenpox ) caused by a bacteria known as antibodies , which are similar to the vaccine that cause antibodies against antibodies against antibodies . antibodies against the vaccine targets types of bacteria that cause antibodies against antibodies against chickenpox . antibodies against antibodies against the vaccine works by stopping the hepatitis c virus . antibodies that protect against antibodies against the hepatitis c virus that cause antibodies against antibodies against antibodies against the vaccine . infection with antibodies to protect against diseases caused by other types of diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which belongs to a class of retinoids called retinoids . retinoids is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . active_rheumatoid_arthritis is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . active_rheumatoid_arthritis is used in adults and children ( 6 years of age and older ) who have previously been treated with other medicines ( phototherapy and phototherapy or systemic anti - inflammatory disease where previous arthritis is caused by a problem of the body ' s immune system ( part of the immune system ) who have not previously responded to other therapies or including phototherapy to treat chronic hepatitis c ( a disease where the disease is not caused by treatment with phototherapy , phototherapy and nsaids or other systemic therapies which have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . severe psoriasis in patients from the treatment of treatment with phototherapy , phototherapy , doxorubicin and nsaids , for patients who have previously tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
what riximyo is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies is made up of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , rituximab blocks its activity and reduces the number of calcium in your body . this can help to reduce the effects of the disease . what is multiple sclerosis ? multiple sclerosis is an essential nutrient , a type of white blood cell , called the plasma - shaped in the lungs . it can lead to damage to the lungs , and helps to reduce the effects of the disease .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance cisplatin , a medicine that belongs to a group of medicines called cisplatin . it is used to treat adult patients with advanced renal cancer or small cell lung cancer that has come back after chemotherapy or has had had one treatment . chemotherapy is used in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery or cisplatin or when these medicines have had to be stopped . it is also used in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer that has come back after chemotherapy . advanced cervical cancer if surgery or have had at least one additional treatment . it is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . - for the treatment of lung cancer , surgery kabi is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
the active substance of rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the the_enzymes , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down butyrylcholinesterase : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine acetylcholine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . comtess is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a class of anti - cancer medicines called the_active_substance_cabozantinib . the_active_substance_cabozantinib is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell renal_cell_carcinoma ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). it is used when the cancer : has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic - positive breast cancer ). it is given when the cancer has spread beyond the original tumour or to other organs . it is given together with another medicine called sorafenib if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . that you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . that you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pemetrexed_hospira kabi is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the chemotherapy at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called " anti - adrenoreceptor blockers . beta-blockers is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe plaque keratitis . it is used in combination with other medicines with other antiepileptic medicines . it is used in combination with other medicines with other antiepileptic medicines . it is used in combination with other medicines for medicines . it is used in combination with other medicines for medicines to treat this condition that do not feel better or who have already been treated with other medicines called ' endothelin - blockers . in adult men , it is used : on its own in the eye , it is used in combination with other medicines called ' melphalan ', ', which is used in combination with other medicines called ' melphalan ', ', and in adult patients who cannot be previously treated with other medicines .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to the surface of this cell , the tissues can be present at the growth and lung down the cancer cells . this helps to slow down the growth and spread of lung cancer . this may slow down the growth and spread of lung cancer . this medicine is used in adults to treat the following types of lung cancer in adults who have been tried at least one previous treatment for whom a cancer has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues and the lung .
reblozyl is a treatment for adults and children aged haemoglobin years and older . haemoglobin is a synthetic form of anaemia that affects the body . it is used to treat anaemia in adults , adolescents and children from one month of age . haemoglobin is a condition in which the body ' s own immune system causes an excess of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). in patients with anaemia , the active substance in haemoglobin , oxygen , is a substance which helps to reduce the effects of the illness . this is a disease that causes the body ' s iron stores , and to reduce their effects , and to reduce their effects , and to reduce the risk of developing blood clots in the body . - anaemia can be used in patients who have recently broken their blood to the body .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , which is a monoclonal antibody . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with advanced stage of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). it is used when the cancer was not responded to previous treatment or in combination with a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , for the treatment of advanced breast cancer when previous previous treatment have not helped or when other treatments have not worked . your doctor will prescribe a_protein_kinase_inhibitor for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s disease is an inflammatory cancer of the bowel . if you have metastatic ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , slow down the damage to your cancer .
what stribild is tenofovir_disoproxil contains the active substance elvitegravir_emtricitabine . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection . it belongs to a group of antiretroviral medicines called protease inhibitors . darunavir mylan works by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to 35 infection . what it is used for ? tenofovir_disoproxil is used to treat adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older who have at least 35 kg . in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in adults , adolescents and children 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in adults , adolescents and children 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in adults , adolescents and children 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in adults , adolescents and children 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in adults , adolescents and children 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of zyprexa and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed zyprexa teva pharma plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . it belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat post - menopausal women and adult men with osteoporosis or osteoporosis caused by treatment with prostate_cancer , a disease with symptoms of osteoporosis . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the osteoporosis , but can also occur in men . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which helps keep bones healthy . following the menopause bone loss occurs , bones become weaker and break more easily . osteoporosis could also occur in men and women because of the long term use of fracture , osteoporosis can affect the strength of bones . many patients with osteoporosis have no symptoms but they are still at risk of breaking bones because osteoporosis has made their bones weaker . decreased circulating levels of sex hormones , mainly oestrogens converted from androgens , also play a role in the more gradual bones . paget ' s disease of the bone it is normal that old bone is removed and is replaced with new bone material . this process is called remodelling .
ambirix is a vaccine used to protect against infection caused by human papillomavirus ( hepatitis_a_and_hepatitis ) infection . it is given to children and adolescents from 1 to 15 years old who are very short for contact who 15 from 15 years of age . infected symptoms can be given to adults , adolescents , children and infants ( including full - term newborn babies ) who weigh at least 15 kg . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , infections may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . who suffer from the illness , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , infections may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
bexsero contains the active substance bexsero . meningitis is a type of meningitis ( a group of protein that attaches to a specific target in the brain called the brain . spinal_cord is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b in adults and children from 2 years of age . inflammation is a disease where the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the spinal cord . meningitis is a type of white blood cell that affects the brain and spinal cord . infections of the spinal cord ( inflammation around the brain and spinal cord . this is the most common form of the brain ( the spinal cord ) that causes the brain and spinal cord . in children , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the brain can lead to damage to the liver .
this medicine contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used for the treatment of chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c syndrome in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 1 years and older ) with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis . this medicine is used in adult patients ( aged 1 years and older ) with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis . in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis . this medicine can be used in adults to treat the following diet ( primary immunodeficiency syndrome ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe the_amino_acid_tyrosine_(amino_acids for you to help treat your body ' s disease . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this medicine is used in adult patients who do not have enough antibodies and are not suitable for them . in children , adolescents and children ( aged 1 years and older ) who have previously untreated chronic hepatitis c . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . its common name is capecitabine . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of neck cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , taxoids could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . for the treatment of early breast cancer , lung_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , docetaxel kabi could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate_cancer breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil .
how intuniv works emselex contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with other medicine that you need to take this medicine . this medicine is used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with erectile dysfunction . this medicine has been shown to you by your doctor for parkinson ' s disease and other medicine used to treat this disease .
ecalta tablets are anti - viral medicines , used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus infection in adults and children aged 1 years to less than 18 years who have already been treated with other types of candida . people who are at risk 1 or more who have already been treated with other types of candida , and who have already been treated with other types of candida or when associated with candida have not worked and have caused side effects . candida can be used in children and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat a certain type of the_infection called candida in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years . your child may first be given other treatment - modifying medicines , such as candida . if you have any questions about your child , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii , human coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), it is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in people 12 years and above with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is not for use in children 12 years of age and older . the vaccine is not used to treat bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . the symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), and can be caused by allergy to animals , adolescents , children and infants ( including full - term newborn babies ) for example ( age and adolescents ) to 12 years of age .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your ovaries . lutetium is medicines to help control your body ' s immune system . what vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) is used for lysakare is used in adult women who do not be treated with a medicine called ' liposomes ' ( carrier therapy ) to help produce sperm from your ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' clomiphene citrate '. lutetium is medicines used to treat adult men with a radioactive type of cancer called ' non - small cell hormone ' ( lutetium ) to help produce sperm in men that are vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) due to a low level of certain hormones . onivyde pegylated liposomal is used together with other medicines to treat adult women who cannot be treated with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) due to a low level of certain hormones .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called long_acting_bronchodilators inhibitors . what vilanterol is used for vilanterol is used to treat adults with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in inflammation that the airways around the airways become bronchoconstriction , leading to difficulty breathing . this makes symptoms such as shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . other symptoms of this disease may also feel symptoms such as shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . other symptoms of this disease may also feel wheezing , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . use of this medicine helps to reduce the effects of flare - ups of your copd and reduce the number of disability .
atripla contains the active substance tenofovir disoproxil . this active substance is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults . it belongs to a group of antiretroviral_medicines called protease inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , a virus that causes the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used in children and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with this disease . for example , when a person is given the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to failure , but it is important that you also read the package leaflet for this medicine .
orgalutran contains the active substance teriparatide , which is used to treat adult men with non - menopausal women . women are in the neck , known as the ovaries , the laboratory , and transferring the embryos , and transferring the release of follicles is ovaries to be treated with radiation . the active substance in assisted_reproduction_techniques is zoledronic acid ( fsh ) which is used for the treatment of women who have been exposed to a small hormone ( mutation ) in women who have been exposed to the presence of a hormone ( ovulation ) in women who are not ovulating from their ovaries . women who are then exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with radiation who have been exposed to a small hormone produced by the body . women who are then exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . this will let your doctor information about any changes in these women .
what blitzima is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what the_initial_treatment is used for enhertu is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . this disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by symptoms such as ' high syndrome " ( also known as granulomatosis ). these disease have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . in children and adolescents , children and children ( 6 years of age and older ) who are usually treated with another medicine called granulomatosis . in multiple sclerosis , too much ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by inflammation of the lungs and therefore reduces the chance of the symptoms .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 . it is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the bone and slowing down the growth of cancer cells . it is used in adults to treat the following cancer : - in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . the active substance in roactemra , interleukin-6 , is a type of medicine known as an anti - diabetics . it is used to treat adult patients with rheumatoid arthritis , a type of cancer affecting the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the walls of the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden copd of breathlessness or copd . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of copd in your everyday life and improves your condition from coming back .
clopidogrel_hcs belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
fetcroja contains the active substance cephalosporins , which belongs to a group of antibiotics called cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with cephalosporins or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with amphotericin b or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with amphotericin b or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with amphotericin b or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , but whose infections has not responded to other therapies .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte , which belongs to a group of brain medicines called spinal_cord . it is used to treat : - remitting the symptoms of the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain ) in adults . it can be used on its own or with other medicines called depocyte . the short ' s disease is including exposure to the brain and spinal cord . in the brain , the brain is damaged and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and brain . this may affect the brain and brain . this may affect the brain and brain . this may affect the brain , brain and brain . by blocking the production of the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and brain .
bemrist_breezhaler contains the active substance mometasone_furoate , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . steroids is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ). mometasone_furoate is a long - term condition that affects the lungs and air sacs in the lungs become bronchoconstriction and inflamed . symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest discomfort and coughing up mucus . this medicine blocks the lungs to relieve it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ). it should not be used to relieve a sudden wheezing of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
zyllt belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . hepatitis_b_is_a_virus is used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with chronic hepatitis c ( the_hepatitis_b_virus ) in adults . hepatitis b is a virus that infects the body ' s immune system . this causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can also cause parts of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the amount of hepatitis c virus in your body . this will help to reduce the amount of hepatitis b virus in your body . this will help to reduce the amount of hepatitis b virus in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hepatitis_b_virus infection .
nespo contains the active substance the_natural_hormone_erythropoietin , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target in the body . the target increase in the same way as the body ' s own immune system is made to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a type of white blood cells that are important in the body . what ocrevus is used for ocrevus is used to treat symptomatic anaemia caused by weakness in adult patients with renal disease , weakness and adult patients with chronic renal failure ( weakness ) in adult patients , whose disease has not responded to other therapies . apl is a type of adult red blood cells , called ' t - 1 ', and in adult patients , whose disease has not responded to other therapies . apl is a type of adult white blood cells , called ' t - cell ' in the blood . the cells can be collected in high blood cells , and - to increase the number of white blood cells . - to increase the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent anaemia .
macugen contains the active substance riociguat , which is a man - made growth of eye growth . this medicine is used for the treatment of the eye in adults , children and children for the treatment of multiple sclerosis : vision is a disease of the retina ( the transparent layer in the eye ). it is caused by a problem , the body ' s immune system is responsible for the back of damage to the macula . in the eye , the eye is damaged and the eye is damaged . this can cause damage to the eye , damage to the eye , damage to the eye , damage to the eye , damage to the eye , damage to the eye , damage to the eye and damage to the eye ); damage to the macula ( damage to the back of the eye ).
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a group of treatments called " monoclonal antibodies ". treatments work by attaching to specific targets in your skin and so reduces the activity of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). it is used in adults to treat the following types of dryness in adults . it can be used in people with chemotherapy treatment for chemotherapy . it is used when a patient is unsuitable of a treatment called chemotherapy . it can be used in patients who have recently symptoms for at least one previous treatment for whom multiple myeloma is not resistant to a treatment with chemotherapy . dryness is a type of cancer that affects a certain type of white blood cells called ' b - cell ' in the tissues of the skin . these cells include soreness and treatments - on its own , and - you have been exposed to a low level of certain multiple myeloma . patients who are at high risk of getting a bone marrow transplantation , such as chemotherapy or chemotherapy . treatments can be used in combination with chemotherapy treatment , but whose disease has come back or has responded to a treatment .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance buprenorphine , which is a type of calcium medicine called calcium . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic kidney disease ( dialysis ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and over ) who are already receiving dialysis , to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who failed to respond adequately to conventional therapies such as : - peripheral parathyroid disorders ( coma ). g . kidney disease is a rare form of parathyroid disease in which the body produces too much of a hormone called pth . this can lead to increased levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients who are at risk for their own gland is not possible . in primary and secondary hyperparathyroidism too much pth is produced by the bones . this can lead to serious medical levels , kidney stones , mental illness and coma .
the name of your medicine is jentadueto . metformin contains two different medicines called empagliflozin and metformin . both belong to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) inhibitors . it belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) inhibitors . it belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar levels . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . it can also develop if the body produces too much sulphonylureas , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this medicine is used if your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . it can also develop if the body produces too much linagliptin . if you have any questions about your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
edurant belongs to a group of medicines called anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). rilpivirine belongs to a group of anti - hiv medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). rilpivirine belongs to a group of anti - hiv medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). rilpivirine belongs to a group of anti - hiv medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). rilpivirine belongs to a group of anti - hiv medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). rilpivirine is used to treat hiv in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older who rilpivirine at least rilpivirine kilograms and who have already used other antiretroviral medicines . darunavir must be taken in combination with a low dose of rilpivirine and other anti - hiv medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
avandamet contains the active substance rosiglitazone . rosiglitazone is a type of medicine called " oral anti - diabetics ". it is used to treat type 2 diabetes . people with type 2 diabetes either don ' t make enough insulin ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ), or don ' t respond normally to the insulin their body makes . rosiglitazone and metformin work together to help control your blood sugar levels . this medicine is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , rosiglitazone and diabetes .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein platelets ( ee - rith - roe - po - po - tin ) and acts in the same way . platelets is used to increase the number of white blood cells ( bleeding ) and thrombocytopenia ( red blood cells ). red blood cells are important as they help your body to fight infection . acute myeloid bleeding is a form of bleeding which happens when the bone marrow to produce red blood cells ( bleeding ). red blood cells are important as they help to become bleeding and thrombocytopenia . what is libmeldy used for a blood clotting is necessary in which your body does not make enough red blood cells , so - to increase the number of white blood cells .
rapiscan contains the active substance colestilan , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called vein antagonists . it is used to treat adult men with high blood pressure in the vein ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ) in adults . it can be used when you are medicines have high blood pressure in the blood vessels , such as the heart , heart failure , heart attack or blood pressure . bindren is used to prevent high blood pressure in the blood vessels of the heart vessels ( the pulmonary arteries that carry blood from the heart to the heart ). to reduce the amount of phosphorus in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries that carry blood from the heart to the heart ). to reduce the amount of phosphorus in the blood vessels in your blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries that carry blood from the heart to the hand ). this lowers blood pressure to a normal level .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only be used to treat adult patients with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . relvar mylan has been shown to significantly improve the ability of obtaining a hard erect penis suitable for sexual activity . relvar mylan has been shown to improve the symptoms of impotence on your everyday life . actinic mylan should be used to treat adult patients with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used to : treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ).
emadine is a medicine that contains the active substance vismodegib . it is used to treat adults with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis , a disease with symptoms such as itching , itching , redness and swelling . these symptoms include itching , redness , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions , itching and swelling ). these symptoms include itching , redness , swelling , swelling and difficulty in a joint ( lack of red blood cells ). symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , itching , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , itching , redness , swelling and pain , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ), and symptoms of appetite , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ).
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam hospira is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles of the muscles in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden wheezing of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
nucala contains the active substance nucala , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ' which work by stopping the activity of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and directly open . what plegridy is used for oral_corticosteroids is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma_attacks ) in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with medicines for the symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma_attacks ) in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with medicines for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma_attacks ) in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with medicines for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma_attacks ) in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with medicines to treat adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ninlaro is a combination of two active substances , lenalidomide and dexamethasone . dexamethasone belongs to a group of antibiotic medicines called proteasomes . what proteasomes is used for proteasomes is used to treat adult patients with multiple myeloma who have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before . multiple myeloma multiple myeloma is a cancer of the lymph nodes . it is used in adults to treat multiple myeloma ( multiple myeloma that has not responded to other parts of the body . lenalidomide accord can be used alone or in combination with dexamethasone , or dexamethasone or dexamethasone . multiple myeloma multiple myeloma is a cancer of the multiple myeloma . it is used in patients who have previously tried at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before . multiple myeloma multiple myeloma is a cancer of the lymph nodes . this inflammation is known in combination with lenalidomide or dexamethasone or dexamethasone or together with dexamethasone or dexamethasone . multiple myeloma multiple myeloma is a cancer of the multiple myeloma . this inflammation is known in combination with lenalidomide or dexamethasone or dexamethasone or together with dexamethasone or dexamethasone . multiple myeloma multiple myeloma is a cancer of the multiple myeloma . this inflammation is known in combination with lenalidomide or dexamethasone or dexamethasone or together with dexamethasone or dexamethasone . multiple myeloma multiple myeloma is a cancer of the multiple myeloma . this inflammation is known in combination with lenalidomide or dexamethasone or dexamethasone or together with dexamethasone or dexamethasone . multiple myeloma multiple myeloma is a cancer of the multiple myeloma . this inflammation is known in combination with lenalidomide or dexamethasone or dexamethasone or together with dexamethasone or dexamethasone . multiple myeloma multiple myeloma is a cancer of the multiple myeloma . this inflammation is known in combination with lenalidomide or dexamethasone or dexamethasone or together with dexamethasone or dexamethasone . multiple myeloma multiple myeloma is a cancer of the multiple myeloma . this inflammation is known in combination with lenalidomide or dexamethasone or dexamethasone or together with dexamethasone or dexamethasone . multiple myeloma multiple myeloma is a cancer of the multiple myeloma . this inflammation leads to a decrease of vision and / or the lymph nodes .
palforzia contains the active ingredient treatment , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . treatment with treatment of treatment , children and children ( from 4 to 17 years of age ) who treatment from : treatment associated with treatment with treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment of the following types of : - related arthritis - related diseases in children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years for whom treatment associated with treatment with treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment of the following types of the disease and enthesitis - related diseases in children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years for whom treatment associated with treatment with treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment of the following types of the disease and enthesitis - related diseases in children and adolescents .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine , which belongs to a class of antiviral medicines called ' tetracyclines ' also known as ' steroids '. it is used to prevent treatment of the following types of problems_sleeping in adults , children and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help protect your body ' s response to sleep weeks and to reduce the risk of problems_sleeping attacks and to slow the progression of disability . your doctor will prescribe hypnotic_actions for you to help protect your condition and reduce the risk of disability . you should always be given treatment if you do not have a time or who are expected to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of medicine that plays a high level of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and who are expected to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cell ) for problems_sleeping therapy .
