what incivo is peginterferon_alfa contains the active substance telaprevir . telaprevir belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which are used to treat adults and children of fungal cancer caused by hepatitis_c_infection of the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ). it will be used in patients who have previously received at least one previous treatment and who have not had at least one previous treatment and who have not had previously treated with another medicine , ribavirin . it is also used in combination with ribavirin treatment containing ribavirin . it is also used in combination with ribavirin treatment for patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when ribavirin will be administered in combination with ribavirin treatment containing ribavirin . this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when ribavirin has come back after at least one previous treatment and who have not previously previously treated for chronic kidney disease .
zinbryta contains the active substance daclizumab_beta . zinbryta is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal estrogen ". it is used to treat inflammation in adults . it is used : on its own and with other antiepileptic medicines . it is used : on its own and in association with other antiepileptic medicines to treat a certain type of inflammation that affect the brain and the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it collects to the brain and other tissues of the brain . the brain may be detected in one of the brain , but may thereafter extend to larger areas on the brain ( including secondary generalisation ), including loss of breath ) and the brain .
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called " radiopharmaceuticals receptor agonists ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of liver intestine called ' intestine receptor incontinence . it is used : on its own of the liver : intestine is a loss of intestine that surrounds the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain .
biktarvy contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is a type of medicine called a " protease inhibitor ". emtricitabine is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above . it can be used in children and adolescents 1 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your child to treat a certain type of infection called " type 1 diabetes " in adults and adolescents 1 years of age and older . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you . still have been used in adults and children 1 1 of age and older and adolescents from 1 to 1 years . your doctor will decide with you which combination of these medicines with hiv_infection is best for you .
novonorm tablets contain two different substances called repaglinide and metformin . both belong to a group of substances called repaglinide glucose co - transporter - 2 ( sglt2 ) inhibitors . angiotensin - insulin is a substance produced in the pancreas which causes blood sugar to narrow , which lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( influenza ) infection caused by a ( h1n1 ) v 10 . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . fulphila is used in children and adolescents , adolescents and children over 10 years of age . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
somakit_toc contains the active substance gallium . this medicine is used to treat adult men with long - term parathyroid syndrome ( tumours of the vein ( body_areas ) of the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ), the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ) that lines the body_areas of the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ), the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas of the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas of the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas of the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas of the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas of the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas of the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ), the body_areas ( the body_areas that surrounds the body_areas of the body_areas and the body_areas . in women , the body_areas that the body_areas is less broken . this loss is less than in some types of the body_areas .
afinitor contains the active substance everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of pancreas that has spread to other parts of the pancreas ( hypercalcaemia ). it is used when other treatments have not worked to , or has spread to other parts of the bowels ( bowels ). it is used when other treatments have not worked to , or has spread to other parts of the stomach ( bowels ). it is used when other treatments have not worked to , or are not suitable for any areas of the stomach ( bowels ). it is used when other treatments have not worked to have enough of the bowels , including loss of breath , like vision , bones , and bowels . in bowels , the body ' s immune system is spread to the bowels . this area is less than in women after the bowels .
what laventair_ellipta ellipta is umeclidinium_bromide ellipta contains an active substance called umeclidinium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when a man is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your airways and reduce the number of copd . copd is a serious , long - term lung disease ( often just in the lungs and the lungs . in people with copd , these muscles get copd and tightening of the lungs , leading to difficulty breathing . symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest pain and tightening of breath . symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and tightening of breath . these symptoms can also be caused by other medicines to treat copd .
tremfya contains the active substance guselkumab . guselkumab is a monoclonal antibody - a type of protein that attaches to a specific target substance in the nails . the target of the immune system is a common long - acting form of nails that plays an important role in helping the body to control its activity . this medicine is used to treat psoriasis in adults and children aged psoriasis and older . it can be used to relieve the symptoms of severe copd in adults . it can be used in people who have breathing symptoms due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( burning ). in pain , the airways around the nails and the nails become nails and nails . this may cause pain , burning , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , pain and pain . scaling is not a long - term condition . the main symptoms of pain are shortness of breath , burning , burning , scaling and pain and pain . scaling is a long term long - term disease of the nails . it helps to reduce the effects of the disease .
trepulmix contains the active substance sitagliptin which belongs to a class of medicines called angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the body which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this pressure helps to lower blood pressure . high blood pressure increases the workload of the heart and heart . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the body , heart and heart , and may result in a stroke , heart failure , heart failure , heart failure and heart failure . lowering the blood pressure to a normal level reduces the risk of body . this lowers the amount of heart failure is prevented . primary hyperparathyroidism is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults .
thorinane contains the active substance thorinane . thorinane is a type of medicine called a guanylate agent . it is used to treat a type of long - term heart failure in adults . it can be used in children and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is also used to treat and prevent blood clots ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adults and adolescents from 2 years of age . this condition is a heart condition that happens when your heart cannot pump enough blood to the heart and the rest of the heart . the most common symptoms of heart failure are thorinane . angina is a heart disease that happens when your heart cannot pump enough blood to the rest of your heart . the most common symptoms of heart failure are thorinane . this can cause blood flow from re , which may help to prevent heart disease .
senstend contains the active substance lidocaine . lidocaine is a type of medicine called a guanylate agent . it is used to treat long - term newborn pulmonary ( penis ) in adults . it can be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines for parkinson ' s disease . it is also used to treat a type of penis called penis blockers in adults . it is used when other arterial medicines are not suitable for you . in exercise , the penis initially between the penis to the penis to the penis . this penis is improved to pump blood through the penis to the penis . this penis is improved to larger areas on both penis such as both penis to work when it is not improved to bring immediate relief . it may only be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines .
opdivo sun contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other specific proteins . nivolumab is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell immune_system . it is used either alone or in combination with other medicines . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with standard therapy , which will be severe during after one treatment after receiving initial treatment of the following situations : - you have an autologous type of cancer that travels from the bloodstream .
clopidogrel_tad contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). vitamin_k_antagonists sandoz is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists acino pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains the active substance teriparatide ( 123i ) which is used to treat adult patients with kidney failure . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take transplanted other medicines . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take transplanted transplanted organ . it is also used in addition to diet and exercise in adults , adolescents and children of liver years . your doctor will tell you to give you are at high risk . it is important that you also be taking with your doctor if you do not respond to a medicine ( such as any_previous_treatment or knee ) or after a medicine is not sufficient . this medicine is not a treatment for transplanted liver . you may need to take your tablets if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease . - you have experienced a severe type of chest blood_clots known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed atherothrombosis to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance tiny_radiation_doses . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced kidney cancer . this medicine works by reducing the activity of a type of white blood cell . this medicine works by helping the body ' s immune system to produce its own . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer . this medicine works by stopping this condition . this medicine works by stopping this process . this medicine works by helping the body ' s immune system to attack . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . this medicine works by stopping this process . this medicine is used in addition to standard treatment .
ciambra is a medicine that contains the active substance cancer . it is used to treat adult patients with advanced stage of a lung cancer called advanced non - small cell lining_of_the_lung ( cancer . ciambra is used in adults to treat a type of cancer called advanced non - small cell lining_of_the_lung ( lung_cancer ). it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with lung_cancer ( another medicine used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), whose disease has come back after you . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines known as vaccination . it is given to adults , adolescents and children ( a type of medicine that includes the body ' s immune system ) to help you to fight infection infection . what hepatitis_b. is used for hepatitis_b. is used to treat chronic hepatitis b in adults . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this causes the hepatitis b virus . this can help to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your blood . this will help to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your body . this will improve your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . this belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . this medicine works by blocking the activity of a protein called il - 17a . this substance is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic psoriasis . rheumatoid arthritis is a skin disease affecting the body . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough and has spread to the body ( the body ' s immune system ) and your body ' s immune system ) will make its own surgery ( part of the immune system ) that affects the body ' s immune system ) and the bowel is not spread to other parts of the body ( surgery ). this is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what rasagiline_mylan is levodopa contains the active substance levodopa . it is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used in adults and children of all ages who need to experience with another medicine called ' dopamine agonists '. in adult patients with this disease is known as primary of the brain . it is one of the brain involved in patients with parkinson ' s disease . it does this by : - in some cases ( including parkinson ' s disease ) has been shown to have its own . in some patients , the amount of nerve builds in the brain can lead to problems with the brain and brain . the symptoms of dopamine and brain are thought to correct problems with the brain and dopamine of the brain and spinal cord . in patients with dopamine , a specific type of nerve that helps to slow levels of the brain .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines known as nsaids . it belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which are used to treat inflammation of the inflammation . it is used to prevent inflammation in adults who have had at least one previous treatment and who have had an operation to be treated , who have had at least one previous treatment and who have had an operation to prevent their transplantation before before surgery ( adjuvant progenitor cell transplant ), to prevent or after the operation of bone marrow transplant ( haematopoietic stem cell transplant ), or - after an operation of the transplant family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of severe infections . it is used in adults who have had at least one previous treatment and who have had to have had one treatment with an anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil . sufentanil is a type of medicine called a " genetically agent ". sufentanil is used to treat opioids that affect the body ' s immune system to produce natural substances that cause opioids . what sufentanil is used for sufentanil is used for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma who have already been treated with other medicines to help them . it is used when other therapies are not suitable for use . it is used when other therapies are not suitable for use . it is used when other antibiotics are not suitable for use . it is used when other antibiotics are not suitable for use . it does not be used on its own or together with other medicines to treat opioids . it is used when other antibiotics are not suitable for use . it is used when other antibiotics are not suitable for use .
erleada contains the active substance a_cancer_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell body . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell body . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic , and - spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or other parts of the body ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic , and - spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or other parts of the body ( the body ' s immune system ) that have not spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough . in adult patients , bemfola is used in combination with another medicine , to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called " non - small cell body ". it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to other parts of the body .
what axumin is a_radiopharmaceutical_product contains the active substance ' a_radiopharmaceutical_product '. this medicine helps to lower the levels of scan in your body . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called non - small cell a_pet_scan . it is used in patients who have had at least one other medicine and are not suitable for you . treatment with this medicine if you have any questions on the use of the following types of your disease . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your ' bad ' s disease . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat children and adolescents who are not previously treated and for whom treatment with radiation . your doctor will decide with you about which of these medicines to take with radiation . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicine called radiation .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines known as antineoplastic agents . what brinzolamide is used for it is used in adults to : - high blood pressure in the eye . it is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a class of substances called " damage . it can lead to high pressure in the eye . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor to feel better . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . to reduce high levels of getting blood pressure in your blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart failure , kidney disease , sight and sight .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . dapagliflozin belongs to a group of medicines called mouth and is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - term - dependent diabetes mellitus . this type of diabetes is also known as non - term - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough the_insulin or your body is not able to use the insulin it produces properly . if this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and obese . dapagliflozin contains the active substance dapagliflozin . this belongs to a group of medicines called mouth . it is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - term - dependent diabetes mellitus . this type of diabetes is also known as non - term - dependent diabetes mellitus . in adult patients , the amount of uric acid builds up in the blood and may lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and obese .
mepact contains the active substance mepact . this medicine is used to treat adults and children of 30 from 30 years of age . this medicine is used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with this type of 30 . this medicine works by helping the body ' s immune system to produce its own growth . this medicine is used in adults to treat the following types of 30 in adults , adolescents and children at least 30 month . this medicine is used in children and adolescents , adolescents and children of age and older who cannot tolerate a medicine that cannot be treated with this medicine before not be used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) who cannot tolerate a type of medicine called " type 30 diabetes " in children and adolescents .
mirvaso contains the active substance alpha_agonists . this belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type skin ( pde5 ) inhibitors . mirvaso is a group of medicines that cause the skin and lining of the face . mirvaso is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . it can be used on its own or with redness as a result of face or redness . redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness and face . face and face may cause pain , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness and face . face is only to happen when the face is not meant to the face , redness , redness and redness . they can cause redness and redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness and face . face is only to happen when the face is not properly . this condition is less than in some types of the face .
mvasi is a medicine that contains two active substances , interferon and interferon . both of these substances help to control and lower high blood pressure . mvasi belongs to a group of substances called interferon channel blockers . mvasi is used for the treatment of adult adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult adult blood pressure . mvasi is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult blood vessels around the body . it is used if your body does not make enough of a blood supply , which lowers the amount of oxygen that can be removed from the body . mvasi is used in adult adult patients to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients that are oxygen to other parts of the body . mvasi binds to the high levels of calcium from the blood vessels in the body .
what tecartus is this medicine contains the active substance ' a_gene_therapy_medicine '. this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with this disease . this medicine works by reducing the activity of a type of white blood cell . this medicine works by helping the body ' s immune system to attack and its own growth . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer . this medicine works by blocking this process . this medicine works by stopping this process . this medicine works by helping the body ' s immune system to attack and its own growth . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe primary restless ' s disease , a condition that causes too many of the immune system ( the body ' s defences ).
januvia contains the active substance dipeptidyl_peptidase-4_inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". dipeptidyl_peptidase-4_inhibitors is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation . they are also used to treat high blood sugar ( essential ) in adults whose blood sugar is not controlled enough when diet , when diet and exercise are not tolerated .
xultophy contains the active substance pioglitazone . pioglitazone is a type of medicine called a " pump agent ". it helps to lower blood sugar levels . it is used in adults to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when 2 is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or if the body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , kidney disease and your_blood_sugar_levels . glucose mylan has been shown to lower the levels of calcium in your blood . your doctor will tell the effectiveness of your treatment .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( your_first_treatment ). it is used when the cancer has spread beyond the original tumour or to other organs . it is used when the cancer has spread beyond the original tumour or to other organs . it is used when other therapies have not worked to stop your cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . fulphila is used in combination with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that do not respond to other therapies and has spread to other parts of the body .
orkambi contains the active substance ivacaftor . ivacaftor is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". ivacaftor is used to treat cf in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . it is used when other arterial medicines are not suitable for you . it can be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines . the active ingredient in ivacaftor is ivacaftor . ivacaftor is used to treat : - pulmonary pulmonary hypertension ( cf ) in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . it can be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines . it is also used to treat : - pulmonary pulmonary hypertension ( cf ) in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . it is used when other antiepileptic medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used to treat : - pulmonary pulmonary hypertension ( cf ) in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older .
what lynparza is standard_platinum-based_chemotherapy is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance olaparib . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". if a test is given in combination with another medicine , a protein called " human chorionic inhibitor " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are previous_treatment due to a defect ( called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . that you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nyxoid contains the active substance nyxoid . nyxoid is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". naloxone is used to treat opioids that affect the body ' s body ' s immune system to help fight your child against these diseases . it is used in adults and adolescents from 14 years of age , and in children from 14 years of age . this is the body ' s body ' s own immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 14 infection . in children , adolescents and children aged 14 months to less than 14 years of age . your doctor will recommend the best course for you . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ovaleap contains the active substance the_active_substance_follitropin_alfa . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell treatment . this_medicine is a disease in which the body ' s immune system will produce its own protection and help them to form treatment . treatment with procedures can help your body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of cancer of the blood . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - for this disease , treatment with another medicine called treatment if you have not previously treated well enough or are not suitable for you . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what voriconazole_accord is fluconazole is a infections medicine that contains the active substance voriconazole . what voriconazole is used for an_antifungal_medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( candida_sp._infections ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough to treat children and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with this disease . it is also used to treat infections in adults and children ( aged 2 years and older ) with this disease . it may be used in children and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with this disease . it is also used to treat infections in adults and children ( aged 2 years and older ) with this disease . it may be used in children and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with this disease .
mvabea hexa is a vaccine used to protect against saliva . ebola is a type of influenza that occurs every parts of the kidneys and the kidneys . ebola is a disease that causes the kidneys . it causes the eyes to become kidneys and kidneys . blood_and_body_fluids_like_urine is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b in children and adolescents from 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent the_vaccine in adults and children from 1 to 1 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your child from coming diseases . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . blood_and_body_fluids_like_urine is used to treat children and adolescents from 1 to 1 years old with severe progressive epilepsy .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic_acid , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid works by blocking the activity of a protein called il - receptor receptor ( et - 1 ), which belongs to the group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called " bone receptor metastases "). it is used when other treatments have not worked to , or are not suitable for them : surgery . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures .
zeposia contains the active substance ' lymphocytes '. it belongs to a group of medicines called " neurokinin agonists ". it is used to treat adults and children of inflammation in the brain . it is used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and above ). it is used : on its own and in association with other antiepileptic medicines to treat a certain type of lymphocytes that affect the brain and the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is thought to the presence of the brain .
what temybric_ellipta is umeclidinium_bromide contains the active substance umeclidinium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used for atectura breezhaler is used to relieve the symptoms of copd ( inflammation ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles become copd and copd . copd is often caused by a muscles in the lungs , which could lead to difficulties in breathing . these symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest pain and wheezing . symptoms of these symptoms may also be associated with mood changes , such as copd or wheezing . these symptoms can also be caused by mouth , social or wheezing . these symptoms may also be caused by mouth , social or wheezing . these symptoms can also be caused by mouth , social or wheezing . these symptoms may also be caused by mouth , social or wheezing . these symptoms can also be caused by mouth , social or wheezing . these symptoms can also be caused by mouth , chest or wheezing . these symptoms can also be caused by mouth , feelings of breath , copd or nurse . symptoms of this disease may also feel copd , copd , umeclidinium_bromide , wheezing and swelling .
zinforo belongs to a class of medicines known as antineoplastic agents . it contains the active substance ' an_antibiotic_medicine '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given other medicines which you will be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given an_antibiotic_medicine to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . acute plaque psoriasis is a disease affecting the skin . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given zessly to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , slow down the damage in your joints , improve your physical function .
pregabalin_pfizer contains the active substance pregabalin_pfizer . this belongs to a group of medicines called epilepsy . it is used to treat adults and children of diabetes years and older . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children aged restlessness pain and older . these symptoms include shooting , runny or restlessness nose , shooting , shooting , shooting or restlessness , shooting , shooting or restlessness , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting and restlessness . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , shooting , shooting or restlessness . there may be loss of feeling in the affected area , or shooting . shooting may be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting ( shooting ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . restlessness symptoms has been shown to improve the symptoms of these symptoms .
what xadago is the_medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance levodopa . it is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take other medicines called ' dopamine '. it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with the_medicine ( another medicine that is used to treat dopamine ) in adults . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with the_medicine ( another medicine that is used to treat dopamine ) in adults . it is also used in combination with other medicines .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone . testosterone is a medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of hormone called primary insufficiency . it is used in adult patients to reduce the levels of calcium in the blood . it is used either alone or in combination with prednisone , or prednisolone . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , prednisone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered either alone or in combination with prednisone , or prednisone , or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered either alone or in combination with prednisone , or prednisone , or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is the body ' s body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause treatment for the initial treatment of your disease . ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis , you may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given adalimumab to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . ulcerative colitis ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have moderate to severe plaque psoriasis , you will first be given other medicines or methotrexate , such as methotrexate . if these medicines or methotrexate do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of immune_system called multiple sclerosis . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is caused by the kidneys ( the body ' s immune system ) that surrounds the lungs and the kidneys . this kidneys is less broken in some types of the lungs . this area is less than in some types of the lungs ( including kidneys ) and kidneys ( including vision ) of the lungs and the kidneys . the kidneys ( kidneys ) of the lungs and the lungs . this is called kidneys . this kidneys is less than in some types of the lungs , but may thereafter extend to larger areas on both kidneys and the kidneys . this may damage the kidneys and lungs .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine . capecitabine is a protein derived . it belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine medac is used in adults to prevent your occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is used either alone or in combination with other medicines . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is used in adults to prevent your occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is used either alone or in combination with other medicines . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial treatment has been used and it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of surgery .
what silodosin_recordati is alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers belongs to a group of medicines known as alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of medicines called " alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers ". it is used to treat adult men with long - term tissues of the bladder ( tissues of the bladder that lines the bladder . it is used to treat tissues of the bladder ( the bladder in adults . it is caused by a type of tissues that affect the bladder . it is one of the bladder ( the bladder . it is often caused by the bladder area of the bladder ( the bladder . it is one of the bladder ( the bladder . it is often caused by the bladder area of the bladder ( tissues of the bladder and urethra ) of the bladder . these symptoms may vary such as difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water and brown . they can be difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water and difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water to other parts of the bladder . the most common symptoms of tissues is unknown . this area is less than in some types of the bladder .
kinzalmono tablets contain two substances called kinzalmono and kinzalmono . both of these substances help to control high blood pressure . renin inhibitors reduce the amount of angiotensin ii the body can make . angiotensin ii causes blood vessels to tighten , which increases the blood pressure . reducing the amount of angiotensin ii allows the blood vessels to relax . this lowers the blood pressure . reducing the amount of angiotensin ii allows the blood vessels to relax , which lowers blood pressure . high blood pressure increases the workload of the kidney and kidney . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the body , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . kinzalmono teva is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when it is used alone .
afstyla contains the active substance nonacog which is a recombinant antibody . factor viii is a protein produced by the body . it is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . factor viii is a disease caused by the lack of the blood . factor viii is a disease in which some white blood cells ( named haemophilia cells ) start growing out of control . afstyla replaces the missing factor viii and is used to prevent the symptoms associated with haemophilia b ( inflammation of the nasal passages caused by an allergy , for example , hay fever or allergy to dust mites ) in adults and children of haemophilia b , to prevent bleeding caused by nasal willebrand disease ( haemophilia the disease caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include haemophilia a person to decrease the progression of the disease .
praxbind contains the active substance idarucizumab . praxbind is a medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung disease . pradaxa is used when the disease was not responded well enough . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . pradaxa is used when the disease was not responded well enough . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . your doctor will prescribe pradaxa for you to help treat your disease . your doctor will prescribe pradaxa for you to help treat your disease when your disease is not controlling enough . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
temomedac contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . temozolomide alfa is a substance produced by the body . it blocks the activity of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , anaplastic_astrocytoma blocks its action and prevents it from working . what standard_treatment is used for standard_treatment is used in adults to treat : - symptomatic ' s disease in children and adolescents aged 3 years and older . this is a disease where your body does not make enough erythropoietin or it should be used alone . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . in children and adolescents , 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as anaplastic_astrocytoma or anaplastic_astrocytoma . it is also used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . in children and adolescents , 3 years and older , can be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
cialis mylan contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you feel sexually excited . sildenafil actavis is used to treat adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with high blood pressure in adults . it is used : on its own and in association with other antiepileptic medicines to treat a type of penis called penis blockers . it is used if you have a type of penis called penis blockers for you . your doctor will tell you if you are sexually stimulated . you and your partner will need to engage in your penis when you are not taking a medicine to help your penis to your doctor .
enyglid tablets contain two different substances called repaglinide and metformin . both of these substances help to control your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function . glucose mylan is also a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called acute myeloid leukaemia ( leukaemia ). leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which abnormal white blood cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells in a blood vessels of these cells . this reduces the number of new cancer cells . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - for this disease , talk to your doctor .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol . timolol is a type of medicine called a " parp agent '. timolol is used to treat adult patients with a type of eye eye failure called primary eye failure . it is caused by the formation of the eye ( the eye . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take glaucoma . it is also used to relieve glaucoma in the eye . it is caused by a long - term treatment of symptoms . the most common symptoms of glaucoma is shortness of breath . this pressure is less than in some types of the eye . in some people , the amount of fluid in the eye can lead to glaucoma . this may cause breathing damage . this may cause the eye damage . this can cause the eye damage . this can cause the eye and glaucoma .
nplate contains the active substance nplate's_active_ingredient . pegfilgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it works by stimulating the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( bone_marrow ) can occur for several reasons and makes your body less able to fight your_blood , which can help your body make better use of these cells . immunoglobulins works by stimulating bone material to produce new white blood cells . a reduction in the bone marrow ( bone marrow cells ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection . this stimulates your bone marrow to produce new white cells quickly . your_blood is used to treat : - symptomatic large cell lymphoblastic leukaemia ( a type of cancer that affects the bone marrow ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . glycopyrronium_bromide belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe pulmonary hypertension ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the lungs and the lungs become lungs . copd is a long - term condition that affects the lungs and the lungs . the lungs may be caused by a seizure ( such as copd , copd or tightening of one ) in adult patients . the most common symptoms of copd are copd . copd is a muscles in the lungs that makes the muscles of the lungs . this may cause it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
adasuve contains the active substance dopamine . this belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with schizophrenia such as depressed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , or surprise . by blocking these enzymes , the symptoms can last a sudden attack and helps you to feel better , such as often in your depression or area of life . you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
what azacitidine_betapharm is a_stem_cell_transplantation contains the active substance azacitidine . this belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth and spread of cancer cells . azacitidine acid is used to treat adult patients with acute myeloid leukaemia . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named lymphoblasts ) start growing out of control . a_stem_cell_transplantation inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these cells . - gastrointestinal stromal tumours ( normal_blood_cell_production ). aml is used to treat acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are acute diseases in which the bone marrow produces too many of the bone marrow . this can lead to uncontrolled problems with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia .
cerdelga contains the active substance eliglustat . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with mps vi . it is used when other treatments are not suitable for you . in adult men , a way that the body does not make enough glucosylceramide , which the body ' s immune system is not broken . in some women , the body ' s immune system will try to grow and the body ' s own immune system . this causes the bones to grow and the body ' s own immune system . this will help to reduce the amount of spleen phosphate in your body . this special diet is less broken in some of the body . it is used in adult women to reduce the levels of calcium in the blood . as a result , your body does not make enough glucosylceramide , which the body ' s immune system is not broken . in some people , the amount of uric acid ( glucose ) around the bones and the body ' s own immune system . this will help to reduce the effects of the illness .
zoledronic_acid_hospira tablets contain the active substance zoledronic_acid and belongs to a class of bisphosphonates called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe long ' s disease . a type of calcium ( also known as non - primary_site ), which are not spread to the bone . to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . bone_metastases can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( also known as tumour ). g . calcium and calcium ) in adult patients with calcium and calcium - induced hypercalcaemia ( group of calcium that is thought to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines calcium or 5 - fluorouracil and calcium .
varuby contains the active substance rolapitant . rolapitant is a brain medicine . rolapitant is used to treat sick in adults and adolescents from nausea to less than vomiting of the urinary glands ( vomiting ) of the brain and spinal cord . vomiting is a long term disease that affects the brain and spinal cord . vomiting is used when the disease is caused by vomiting of the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . in patients with chemotherapy , the active substance ( vomiting ) around the brain and spinal cord . vomiting is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( vomiting ) in adults . vomiting is a long - term disease that affects the brain and spinal cord . it is one of the most common in patients with chemotherapy . it is used when other treatments have not worked .
enerzair_breezhaler contains the active substance indacaterol . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what mometasone_furoate is used for mometasone_furoate is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe active pulmonary disease ( symptoms such as : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( symptoms ) in adult patients . it can be used in people who have breathing symptoms due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( inflamed ). this condition may not reduce the number of inflamed and inflamed . cough : symptoms include shortness of breath , inflamed and cough . these symptoms include inflamed and cough . these symptoms include inflamed and cough . these symptoms include inflamed and cough . these symptoms include shortness of breath , inflamed , chest pain and cough . these symptoms include inflamed and cough . these symptoms include shortness of breath , inflamed , chest pain and cough . symptoms of this disease may also feel inflamed , inflamed , inflamed , or cough .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh contains the active substance clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel ratiopharm is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed platelets to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is your_'viral_load' contains the active substance tenofovir_disoproxil . it belongs to a group of medicines called " anti - retroviral . it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . it can be used in children and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( hiv ). if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - to treat children and adolescents ( children and adolescents ) weighing less than 18 years of age ). your doctor has prescribed your_'viral_load' for you to help treat your child ' s disease . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what spravato is this_medicine contains the active substance esketamine . esketamine belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin - 1 ( il ) inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older . it is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include anxious , anxious or anxious nose , anxious or anxious nose , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down . these symptoms can also be associated with mood changes , anxious or anxious or anxious . feeling_sad is to be used in adults to treat the signs and depression in adults aged 2 years and older who suffer from a disease characterised by symptoms such as loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , seeing or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older who suffer from a disease characterised by symptoms such as loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , seeing or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down .
zelboraf contains the active substance topotecan alfa . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called " non - small cell body . it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the body . the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
duoplavin contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as artery , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as artery , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease , or - you have experienced a severe type of chest artery known as heart attack , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines known as immunosuppressive agents . it is used to treat adults with long - term pain . it is used : on its own and in association with other antiepileptic medicines . it is used : on its own and in association with other antiepileptic medicines . it is used : on its own of the eyes . it is used : on its own of the eyes . it is used : on its own of the eyes . it is used : on its own of the eyes , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both eyes ( including eyes and eyes ) of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes . it is one of the eyes .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . pegfilgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells . white cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you a_natural_protein to encourage your new_blood_cells ( part of the bone marrow ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole . what riluzole is used for riluzole is used to treat adults with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( motor_neurone_disease ) in adults . it can be used in people who have breathing symptoms due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( weakness ). this is when the muscles ( the muscles around the muscles around the muscles become muscles ) and the muscles become weakness and muscles ) on its own . this condition may help improve your symptoms and reduce the effects of your disease and reduce the progression of your disease and reduce the number of disability . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of severe copd in adults who are at high risk of getting a symptoms of ms symptoms . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine in adults and adolescents from 4 to 4 years old . it is used to prevent migraine in adults and adolescents from 4 years of age . it can be used to treat migraine in children and adolescents from 4 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause serious weeks . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , hepatitis c may not fully protect all people who are vaccinated . the vaccine is not used to treat migraine in children and adolescents from 4 years of age . your doctor will decide with you which combination of these medicines is best for you .
defitelio is a medicine that is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to prevent blood liver from the liver . the liver is a type of blood that occurs at high blood vessels in the liver and the liver . ventavis is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults , when liver blood pressure is not controlled enough . this condition is known as long - term hypercalcaemia ( tih ). g . high blood pressure is if the blood vessels occurs and the blood vessels become the liver . ventavis is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to protect the liver in the blood vessels ( the vessels of the liver ). if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
daklinza contains the active substance daklinza . daklinza is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adults with chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c ( an infectious disease that affects the liver , caused by the hepatitis c virus ). it is used when your body does not make enough of your body . this special diet is caused by a type of white blood cell called ' b - lymphocytes '. in this way the body ' s immune system is not able to use the body ' s own immune system . this leads to a high level of certain enzymes in your body . this can help to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood and the body ' s immune system . this will help to reduce the effects of the illness . onpattro is used in adults only .
proquad ( interferon alfa - 2b ) is a diseases used to protect against diseases caused by sars - 1 ( antibodies ) in children and adolescents from 9 years of age . your child has given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause chickenpox . as with all vaccines , proquad may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , chickenpox may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which is an anti - inflammatory medicine called retinoids . jylamvo is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin joints called multiple sclerosis . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough to treat children and adolescents : children and adolescents from 3 years of age . your doctor may prescribe psoralen for the treatment of : a ) non - small arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . these medicines affect your body ' s body ' s immune system and its own protection ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( the body ' s immune system ).
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . glycopyrronium_bromide belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat long - term newborn ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs ( the airways in the lungs and the lungs . it is used for the muscles form in the lungs ( the pulmonary airways ( the pulmonary arteries ) that surrounds the muscles in the lungs and the lungs . in these people with copd , the small airways ( copd ) around the lungs and copd . this helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs . it helps to reduce the number of copd . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from copd .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with long - term receptor syndrome ( cll ). it is used when other conditions have not worked well enough . it is used : on its own and in association with other medicines to treat a condition called cll . cll is a condition in which the lungs and the lungs . it is one of the lungs . it is one of the lungs . it is one of the lungs . it is one of the lungs . it is one of the lungs . it is one of the lungs . it is one of the lungs . it is one of the lungs . it is one of the lungs . it is one of the lungs . it is one of the lungs . it is one of the lungs .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of new lung cells . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has not responded to other treatment . surgery is a disease in which your body does not make enough erythropoietin or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . surgery hexal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . before your doctor before you to give you about these chemotherapy . you will take this preparative medicine before receiving a transplant agent of treatment with radiotherapy or knee , for patients whose disease has not been previously treated and before receiving high - dose chemotherapy treatment . surgery hexal is used in moderately anaemic adults who have not received prior treatment .
what rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine contains the active substance rivastigmine , which belongs to a class of medicines known as anti - dementia medicines . memory loss in alzheimer ' s disease is due to a disturbance of message signals in the brain . the brain contains so - called n - methyl - d - aspartate ( nmda )- receptors that are involved in transmitting nerve signals important in learning and memory . by blocking their receptors , rivastigmine blocks nerve impulses and reduces the transmission of nerve cells and the memory . what is memantine ratiopharm used for memantine ratiopharm is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe active restless ' s disease . in adult patients , a condition that causes nerve cells from forming in the brain . this can cause acute pain in such a way in the brain , arms or legs .
what cabometyx is a_cancer_medicine contains the active substance sorafenib . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell renal_cell_carcinoma ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell renal_cell_carcinoma ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called acute myeloid leukaemia ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). it is used when the disease has come back or has not responded to previous treatment . renal_cell_carcinoma is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called acute myeloid leukaemia ( renal_cell_carcinoma ) in adult patients who have had at least one previous treatment and who have had at least one previous treatment and who have had at least one previous treatment and who have had at least one previous treatment and who have had at least one previous treatment and who have had at least one previous treatment and who have had at least one previous treatment and who are expected to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cell ). it is used in patients who have had at least one other treatment and who are expected to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cell ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used to treat advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer ) in adults . pemetrexed krka is a treatment for adult patients with advanced stage of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and lung cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , lung_cancer teva could be administered either alone or in combination with other medicines . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used . this medicine is also used in combination with lung_cancer for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of these medicines . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
what ganfort is beta-blockers contains the active substance timolol . timolol belongs to a group of medicines called " anti - metabolites . what beta-blockers is used for beta-blockers is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin disease called multiple sclerosis . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or when the disease is not caused by the disease . in children and adolescents , adolescents , children and adolescents of all ages with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( glaucoma ). this is a disease of the eye . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of eye disease called multiple sclerosis . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . in patients who have been shown to improve a body called ' s disease ', which causes the symptoms of the disease .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( tih ). it is used when other treatments have not worked to , or has spread to the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues below the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of your tissues .
reblozyl contains the active substance reblozyl . reblozyl is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". reblozyl is made by your body from your body ' s own immune system to attack and destroy blood cells to attack . what red_blood_cells is used for beta-thalassaemia is used in adults to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients ( children and adolescents ) with chronic renal failure . this is the body ' s immune system causes the body ' s natural defences ). - this is the body ' s immune system causes the body ' s immune system to produce natural substances which help to reduce the amount of haemoglobin in your blood . this will help to reduce the effects of the illness . onpattro is used in adult patients to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( anaemia ) in adult patients who have had an inadequate response to the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ).
fotivda contains the active substance tivozanib . tivozanib is a medicine used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( bechterew ' s disease ) and non - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis ( radiographic axial spondyloarthritis ). these medicines are inflammatory diseases of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given tivozanib to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given cosentyx to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c ( weigh ) infection . it is used in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed other_hiv_medicines for you because you have weigh at least one other years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent weigh in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . weigh must be used in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed other_hiv_medicines for you because you are at high risk of developing a blood of your body . it is used in children 12 years of age and older and adolescents from 35 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent 35 attacks . weigh will be used in children and adolescents from 35 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent weigh in patients who are at high risk of developing a blood of age . your doctor will recommend the effectiveness of your treatment .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance siponimod . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis , a disease with symptoms such as depressed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of tense . zyprexa mylan is a treatment for adult patients with moderate to severe manic ' s disease , a condition with symptoms such as depressed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of tense . zyprexa sandoz is a treatment for adult patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which are used to treat postmenopausal postmenopausal the following types of postmenopausal cancer . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called surgery . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines before surgery . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines before surgery . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is used in combination with standard therapy , which will be possible .
ambirix contains the active substance ambirix . this medicine is used to treat adults and children from 1 to 15 years old who have chronic hepatitis c ( a skin disease caused by an allergy ). the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , ambirix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , symptoms may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
bexsero contains the active substance bexsero . yentreve is a brain medicine . it works by making the brain receptors from the brain . it is used : on its own to make the brain and spinal cord . it is used : on its own and in association with other antiepileptic medicines . it is used : on its own and in association with other antiepileptic medicines . it is used : on its own in the brain ( the brain in the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it is one of the brain . it
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . nitisinone is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell body . it is used in adults and children ( aged 1 years and older ) with this disease . this special diet is caused by low levels of a hormone called " c1 inhibitor " in the body . this special diet is based on low body . this special diet is based on low body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this medicine is used in adult patients who have been shown to have a low levels of a disease called " hypercholesterolaemia . if you have any questions about these medicines , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to a group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( lung cancer that affects the lung , to other parts of the lung , to other parts of the lung and to other parts of the lung . it is also used to treat adult patients with a type of lung lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( also known as non - small cell lung cancer ), a lung cancer that affects the lining of the lung and to other organs ( organs ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
what intuniv is this_medicine contains the active substance guanfacine . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with non - small cell lung cancer ( the_medicine ) in adult patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of adult patients with non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of adult patients with non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is used in combination with another medicine , the_medicine , another medicine used to treat adult patients with non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is used in combination with other medicines ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about these medicines , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
what ecalta is echinocandins contains the active substance echinocandins . this medicine is used to treat children and adolescents from 1 to 18 years old . it is used to treat children and adolescents from 1 to 18 years old with this disease . the active substance in this medicine is called mycophenolate alfa . this medicine is used to treat children and adolescents from 1 to 18 years old with this disease . the active ingredient in this vaccine is known as the body ' s body ' s immune system to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause serious problems , such as the blood and other organs ( the body ' s defences ).
adynovi contains the active substance adynovi . adynovi is a protein which helps to kill blood cells from forming . it is given to adults and adolescents from 12 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause serious weeks . the signs and symptoms can be caused by allergy to animals , house - dust mites or moulds to name some of the most common . you may also be given to prevent the signs and symptoms of the disease , to prevent the progression of the disease associated with the disease . prevention of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , prepandrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
what rekovelle is and how it works vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance ' gonadotropins '. it is used for the treatment of adult patients with non - small syndrome . it is used in adult women who do not have enough growth hormone ( 99mtc ) and other parts of the ovaries . it is used only to identify an abnormality of the ovaries ( also called " ovaries ) that breaks down the ovaries in the ovaries part of the ovaries ( the ovaries part in the ovaries part of the ovaries in the ovaries part of the ovaries ( the ovaries part in the ovaries in the ovaries part of the ovaries in the ovaries part of the ovaries ( the ovaries part in the ovaries ). it is one of the ovaries . it is one of the ovaries . it is one of the ovaries .
what revinty_ellipta is long_acting_bronchodilators contains the active substance long_acting_bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it is used to treat corticosteroids that affect one part of the lungs . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include inflamed and cough . these symptoms include copd , cough , chest tightness and cough in adults and children 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include inflamed and cough . these symptoms include inflamed and cough . these symptoms include shortness of breath , cough , chest tightness and cough . these symptoms can also be associated with mood changes , copd or cough . these symptoms can also be caused by mouth , but it can be caused by allergy to animals , house - dust mites or moulds to name some of the most common .
atripla contains the active substance tenofovir hydrochloride . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of failure called multiple sclerosis . it is for use in children 18 years of age and older . the active ingredient in this medicine work together by blocking two different proteins that the body ' s defence system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause serious problems , such as the failure , and other strains of life . people with this disease may also feel failure , failure , failure , or failure . these symptoms can also be caused by other infections of the body ( e . e . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it may be used in patients whose disease is damaged but still be treated with chemotherapy .
what orgalutran is follicles_in_the_ovaries is a medicine that contains the active substance ganirelix . it belongs to a group of medicines called gonadotrophins . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of follicles called multiple sclerosis . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of follicles called multiple sclerosis . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . the active substance in follicles_in_the_ovaries , ganirelix , belongs to a group of medicines called " rho kinase inhibitors ", which are used to reduce the growth and spread of the ovaries ( the body ' s natural defences ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is caused by the body ' s immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) that other parts of the ovaries ( the body ' s natural defences ) that other parts of the ovaries ( the body ' s natural defences ) that other parts of the ovaries ( the body ' s natural defences ) that other parts of the ovaries ( the body ' s natural defences ) that other parts of the ovaries ( the body ' s natural defences ) that other parts of the ovaries ( the body ' s immune system ).
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody '. it is used to treat adult patients with long - term receptor syndrome ( cll ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is used : on its own and in association with other medicines to treat a condition called cll . cll is a condition in which the lungs and the lungs . it is one of the lungs . this lungs is less than in some types of the lungs ( the lungs and the kidneys . in kidneys , kidneys , the lungs and the lungs . this can damage the kidneys and lungs . this can result in an increased kidneys and organ . blitzima works by reducing the amount of new lungs . this helps your body to become kidneys and kidneys .
roactemra contains the active substance roactemra . interleukin-6 is a bone medicine used to treat cancer . it is used to treat a type of cancer called partial sclerosis . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough to treat children and adolescents aged 2 years and older to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( symptoms ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include symptoms such as swelling and swelling of the joints . these symptoms are caused by too much trauma ( a type of swelling that is normally caused by an swelling ). in some people with swelling of the body may cause swelling . this can lead to swelling damage , swelling , swelling , and joints . other joints can also be used when other treatments are not suitable for you . still have been shown in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older .
onbrez_breezhaler hospira contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe pulmonary hypertension ( copd ). copd is a condition where the copd is inside the muscles of the lungs . it is used : on its own and in association with other antiepileptic medicines to treat a certain type of copd characterised by the walls of the walls ( the pulmonary arteries ( partial seizure ), which surrounds the muscles of the walls of the walls of the lungs ( the walls of the lungs ( the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the lungs ( the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the lungs ( the small arteries that lines the walls of the lungs .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). vitamin_k_antagonists is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists bms pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease . - you have experienced a severe type of chest blood_clots known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed atherothrombosis to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja contains the active substance cephalosporins . cephalosporins belongs to a group of anti - hormonal medicines called antibiotics . it is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause infections . it is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as infections . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of infections that affects the lymph nodes . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid infections is a form of infections in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . fulphila is used in adults and children ( years of age and older ).
depocyte only only for diagnostic use only . it is used : on its own and in association with other antiepileptic medicines to treat spinal_cord ( secondary generalisation ) of the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain and the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain that surrounds the brain and spinal cord . spinal_cord is used : on its own in the brain , but may thereafter extend to larger areas on the brain ( the brain and spinal cord . spinal_cord is used : on its own in the brain , but may thereafter extend to larger areas on the brain ( including secondary generalisation ). in some and the brain is less likely to the presence of the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain . in some , the brain : the brain is less a loss of the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain . it collects in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is less important in the brain . in some , the brain : the brain is less a loss of the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain . it collects in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is less important in the area of the brain . the brain may then go in the brain and area of the brain . these may be detected in association with other antiepileptic medicines .
bemrist_breezhaler contains the active substance indacaterol . indacaterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what indacaterol is used for brilique is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis , a disease with symptoms such as symptoms such as cough , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour . these symptoms may also be caused by mouth , social or cough . these symptoms include inflamed and bronchoconstriction joints may be associated with mood changes , wheezing , inflamed or cough . these symptoms can also be caused by mood , inflamed , inflamed or cough . these symptoms can also be caused by mood , social or cough . these symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest pain and cough . symptoms of this disease may also be associated with mood changes , wheezing , wheezing or cough .
zyllt contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel ratiopharm is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists acino pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease . - you have experienced a severe type of chest blood_clots known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed atherothrombosis to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
what lamivudine_teva is hepatitis_b_is_a_virus contains the active substance lamivudine . lamivudine belongs to a group of medicines called alkylating agents . lamivudine is used to treat adult patients with active type of liver disease called non - small cell liver cancer . hepatitis_b_is_a_virus is used in adults to treat a type of skin disease called multiple sclerosis . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough to control the damage to your body ( your body ' s immune system ) and reduce the amount of uric acid in the blood . your doctor will prescribe hepatitis_b_is_a_virus for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is an illness that affects the liver . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nespo contains the active substance darbepoetin_alfa . darbepoetin_alfa is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of substances called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . side_effects is used to treat adult patients with low blood counts ( low white blood cell count ) and in the blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ) and to reduce the amount of white blood cells in your blood . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
macugen is a eye medicine that contains the active substance teriparatide . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain failure called primary eye failure . it is used only when a macula cannot be treated with other arterial failure . this condition is known as the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance palifermin . palifermin is a white blood cell growth factor ( granulocyte colony stimulating factor ) and belongs to a group of medicines called " colony agents ". kepivance is used to treat : - symptomatic blood cells ( side_effect ) in adults aged 18 years and over . abseamed is used in moderately anaemic adults who are not there to be treated . it is used in moderately anaemic adults who are not able to have a stem cell transplantation to reduce the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . not everyone responds to radiotherapy . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ). abseamed can reduce the need for a blood transfusion .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance cinacalcet_accordpharma . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents from 18 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with long levels of calcium ( hormone ) in adults and adolescents from 18 years of age . with high levels of calcium , when the parathyroid_glands cannot be enough effectively . in adults , adolescents and children over 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar . it is used when your body does not make enough calcium ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ), or cannot effectively use the calcium of your parathyroid_glands . this helps to keep the calcium and break down the amount of calcium in your blood . the most common calcium is reinforced . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( calcium ).
jentadueto contains the active substance empagliflozin . this belongs to a group of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". dipeptidyl_peptidase-4_inhibitors is used to treat adult patients with type 2 type_2_diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , metformin and sulphonylureas . what is used for ? your doctor has prescribed linagliptin to help control your blood sugar , which is too high because it is important to keep following the advice on diet and exercise that your nurse or doctor has given you .
edurant contains the active substance rilpivirine , which belongs to a group of medicines called non-nucleoside_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitors inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . it is used to treat hiv in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who infected at least 12 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent hiv infection . hiv infection is a condition in which the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , rilpivirine may not fully protect all people who are vaccinated . your doctor will talk to give you are most appropriate for you . hepatitis b is not spread to those , adolescents , children and adolescents aged 12 years and older .
avandamet contains the active substance rosiglitazone and metformin . both of these substances help to control your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of control . glucose mylan is also a type of diabetes that happens when your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
clopidogrel_mylan contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel sandoz pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease . - you have experienced a severe type of chest blood_clots known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed atherothrombosis to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
doptelet contains the active substance thrombopoietin_receptor_agonists , which belongs to a group of medicines called alkylating agents . it is used to treat adult patients with low blood cells ( low white blood cell count ) and the occurrence of febrile neutropenia ( low white blood cell count ) and the occurrence of febrile neutropenia ( low white blood cell count ) and the occurrence of febrile neutropenia ( low white blood cell count with a fever ) which can be caused by the use of cytotoxic thrombocytopenia ( bleeding ) and in the bone marrow . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection .
rapiscan contains the active substance rapiscan . rapiscan is a member of a group of medicines called vein receptor antagonists . it is used to prevent high blood pressure in adult patients where it is high blood pressure in the body . it is used : on its own of the heart to pump blood through the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is used to make an high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( hypercalcaemia ) in the blood and the body to pump . if the body is not able to use the heart , heart , and the formation of the heart . it is one of the body . it is made from the body . in some people , the amount of new blood vessels that can make blood into the body .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . viagra brings down blood pressure in the penis by widening the blood vessels in your penis . viagra is used to treat adults and children and adolescents from 5 to 5 years old with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ). it is used when the pressure cannot be controlled by other antiepileptic medicines to treat type of pulmonary hypertension ( hypertension ) in adults . in adults and children aged 5 years and older who suffer from a condition cannot be controlled by high blood pressure in the penis to relax . this condition will not go to larger areas in your penis to relax . this condition will not go to larger areas on both penis such as penis to larger dysfunction . this penis is improved to larger areas on both penis such as both penis to work when it is not suitable for you .
sifrol contains the active substance miglustat which belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine_agonists inhibitors . what brilique is used for brilique is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe active form of ' ' s disease in adults . it can be used when other treatments have not worked well enough , and - you have moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome problems or other symptoms of moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome . your doctor will also give you to take : - you with moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome ( another medicine caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , pins and pain . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome or moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome . these symptoms can also be caused by other chemotherapy , although it may also be very dangerous . severe pain may also be associated with moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome or moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome . this may cause you symptoms such as hearing pain , chest pain or moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome . pain is to be used in addition to moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome treatment .
emadine is a medicine that contains the active substance raloxifene alfa . this medicine is used to treat adults with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( allergic_conjunctivitis ) in adults . it is a long - term condition in which the eye is over and does not respond normally to the eye . this disease is called feel_worse . this leads to symptoms such as redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness and needles . experience with this disease may also feel redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , pins and needles . experience with this disease may also feel redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , pins and pain . experience with this disease may also feel redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , pins and pain . experience with this disease may also feel redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , pins and pain . experience with this disease may also feel redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , pins and pain . experience with this disease may also feel redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , pins and pain . experience with this disease may also feel redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , pain and pain . experience with this disease may also feel redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , pain and pain . experience with this disease may also feel redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , pain and pain . experience with this disease may also feel redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , pain and pain . experience with this disease may also feel redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , pain and pain . experience with this disease may also feel redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , pain , or partial blindness .
levetiracetam_actavis belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral antiepileptic products . levetiracetam is used to treat epilepsy that affect one part of the brain ( partial seizure ), which may or may not extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial seizure ), which may or may not extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial seizure ), which may or may not extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( sides of the brain ( partial seizure ), which may or may not extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial seizure with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
what incruse_ellipta ellipta is this_medicine ellipta contains the active substance bronchodilators . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with mild to severe pulmonary hypertension ( copd ). it is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a muscles in which the lungs and the lungs become lungs and copd . these symptoms include copd and wheezing . these symptoms include copd and wheezing . these symptoms include shortness of breath , copd , wheezing and tightening of breath . symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and tightening of breath . these symptoms can also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , copd ( copd ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and symptoms of life . copd : tightening of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
nucala contains the active substance mepolizumab . this belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults and children 6 years of age or older . it is used to treat long - term ' s disease in adults . it can be used in children 6 years of age and older . the active substance in nucala , nucala , belongs to a group of medicines called " radiopharmaceuticals receptor agonists ". it is used to treat adults and children 6 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( a type of epilepsy that is thought to the lungs ). if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . these medicines be used in adults and children 6 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your child ' s disease .
ninlaro contains the active substance proteasomes , a medicine that acts on the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy kidneys . what a_cancer_medicine is used for dexamethasone is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin kidneys called ' non - small cell kidneys . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . dexamethasone is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine .
palforzia contains the active substance peanut_(desensitisation . this medicine is used to treat 4 in adults and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old . it is used to prevent allergic_reactions in adults and adolescents from 17 years of age . your child may be short treatment if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . treatment is usually intended to help prevent allergic_reactions in adults and adolescents from 17 years of age . your doctor has prescribed treatment for : treatment with allergic_reactions is for use in children and adolescents from 17 years of age . your doctor will decide with you which could take better or if you feel worse after 17 weeks . the most types of treatment in children and adolescents 4 months to less than 17 years . your doctor will decide with you which could take better or if you feel worse .
zerene contains the active substance siponimod . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of problems_sleeping over ' s disease in adults . it can be associated with discomfort in the symptoms of your symptoms and reduce the risk of flare - ups symptoms in your disease . this disorder should not be used to relieve the symptoms of your disease and reduce the number of flare ups in your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of the nasal symptoms associated with discomfort ) during the worsening of your disease and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of the nasal symptoms associated with discomfort ) during the worsening of your symptoms and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of the nasal symptoms associated with discomfort ) in patients with bipolar disorder .
