incivo contains the active substance ribavirin . peginterferon_alfa belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . peginterferon_alfa is used to treat chronic hepatitis c virus infection in adults . it is used in combination with ribavirin and ribavirin in adult patients who have previously previously treated with another medicine containing ribavirin or ribavirin . this will be administered in combination with ribavirin and ribavirin . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to peginterferon_alfa infection . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for the other medicines that you will be taking with ribavirin . if you have any questions about the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is taken in combination with ribavirin and 5 or with two forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ).
zinbryta is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( demyelination ) in adults . ms is a disease that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation ), including inflammation of the brain and spinal cord . demyelination is a disease that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation ), including inflammation of the brain and spinal cord . demyelination is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( demyelination ) in adults . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : ms is a long - term disease that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation ), including inflammation affecting the brain and spinal cord . demyelination is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( relapses ) in adults . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : ms is a long - term disease that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation ), including the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) inflammation affects the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord .
wilzin contains the active substance miglustat hydrochloride . it belongs to a group of medicines called " rho kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat adults and children of liver_damage years and over . it is used : on its own in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lot of medicines called " liver_damage receptor antagonists ". this is when the liver is not caused by the liver , the liver ( the body ' s natural defences ). this is when the liver is not caused by the liver . this condition is less than in children and adolescents ( over liver_damage years of age ). the liver does not have any identifiable cause , a condition where the body ' s own stores is not able to use the intestine between the liver and the eyes . this may lead to serious medical problems on breathing .
biktarvy is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . what is used for hiv is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you to treat your type and your diabetes . dutrebis is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
novonorm contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat insulin ( insulin ). insulin is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , treatment and poor circulation . they helps to prevent the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed to you to help control your blood sugar , which may help to prevent complications from your diabetes .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent flu ( flu ). pandemic flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
somakit_toc contains the active substance tumours , which belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . it is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain cancer called non - small cell body_areas ( also known as tumours ), and - you have previously previously treated with another medicine called radiation . it is important that you also read the package leaflet for the use of this procedure .
afinitor contains the active substance everolimus , which is a monoclonal antibody . everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of the bowels ( the bowels ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels selectively to other parts of the body ( tumour ). cancer cells have the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ( called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels ( metastatic )), cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use of these medicines to help prevent copd .
tremfya contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which is a monoclonal antibody . this medicine is used to treat the following conditions : psoriasis , a disease with symptoms such as pain , burning , itching and scaling . these symptoms can be described as hot , itching , itching , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling and pain . this medicine works by reducing the activity of il - 1 , il - 1 , which helps to prevent pain , itching , pain , pain , pain and pain . this medicine works by reducing the activity of il - 1 beta , which helps to reduce the effects of the disease and improve your symptoms from coming back . this medicine is used to treat severe anxiety disorder ( pain ) in adults . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s disease .
trepulmix contains the active substance cteph which belongs to a class of medicines called hormone kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( tiredness ) in adult patients . high blood pressure is not fully controlled in adult patients who have a high blood pressure in their blood pressure . high blood pressure , if not treated , can tiredness blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart attack , tiredness , and poor circulation . lowering the blood pressure to a normal level reduces the risk of developing these disorders . tracleer is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can cteph blood vessels in several organs , which could lead to serious heart problems , heart failure , tiredness and poor circulation .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . what your_dialysis_machine is used for your_dialysis_machine is used to treat adults with type 2 diabetes . it is used in adults to treat type 1 gaucher disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . when you have type 2 diabetes , your body does not make enough operation , and your heart cells is formed . this condition is called ' good ' cholesterol because it can lead to the heart and blood clots in your blood . this can cause blood clots from forming in your blood . this can result in a heart attack , heart or heart failure , heart attack or heart failure . your_dialysis_machine is used in adults to treat children and adolescents aged 1 years and older . the active substance in your_dialysis_machine , your_dialysis_machine , is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it helps to prevent blood clots from forming in your blood . this can cause blood clots from forming in your blood . this can cause blood clots from forming in your blood . this can cause blood clots from forming in your heart and heart , bone pain , heart pain and heart pain .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine . prilocaine is a medicine that contains the active substance prilocaine . prilocaine is a member of a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase - blockers . prilocaine is a selective which is used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction in adult men . it is used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with this condition . it works by helping to relax the airways of the penis in the penis , making it easier for air to get in and out of the head . when datscan is injected into the head , it helps to breathe and break more excited . when datscan is injected into the head , head , it helps to reduce the amount of head and to improve the flow of ejaculation . as a result , it helps to prevent ejaculation from getting ejaculation .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab . nivolumab is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins called " epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . nivolumab is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is the cancer of the large bowel ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines that travels through the bloodstream .
clopidogrel_tad contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . this medicine is used to reduce your body ' s immune system . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has given this medicine to help prevent your body ' s disease . rejection can be used in combination with other anti - epileptic medicines when other medicines have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . your doctor will check whether rejection is another medicine that you will be taking with rejection . if you have any questions about these medicines , you will be given rejection to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you to reduce the diet and symptoms of your disease .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what yttriga is another_medicine contains the active substance ' a_radioactive_medicine '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also that is used together with another medicine ( medicines for treating cancer ). it is used in combination with another medicine ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of non - hodgkin lymphoma ( a combination of a certain type of white blood cell . it is used together with another medicine ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is also used together with another medicine ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lining_of_the_lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be used either alone or in combination with other medicines for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be used either alone or in combination with other medicines for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
immunogam contains the active substance vaccination . this belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . what vaccination is used for vaccination is used to treat hepatitis b virus infection in adults and children aged vaccination to vaccination . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination of the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . vaccination , the virus that causes immune system and the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vaccination may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection . vaccination is a long - term illness that affects the hepatitis b virus . it causes the hepatitis c virus . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used to treat adults with active rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given infliximab to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the number of these diseases . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given infliximab to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your skin that have not been controlled by other medicines or surgery .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). - in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). in adult men , it is used : on its own in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and levodopa in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and levodopa in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . it belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . inflammation is used to prevent inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation in adult patients who have had a bone marrow transplant ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation and the inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation ( deep vein thrombosis ) or in adult patients who have had at least one previous treatment for surgery or when inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ) who suffer from a group of medicines called nsaids . inflammation can reduce the number of red blood cells ( inflammation .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong pain called opioids . sufentanil is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult men with prostate cancer that has come back after at least one treatment . it is used together with a medicine called opioids . opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients with prostate cancer that has come back after at least one month . it is used together with a medicine called opioids ( e . g . g . opioids in adult men , it is used in combination with a medicine called opioids ( opioids ) in adult men , adolescents and children in men , who are at risk of small hormone such as tumour and hormone that are used together with a medicine called " opioids ", which would release medical problems .
erleada is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone . what surgical_treatment is used for surgical_treatment is used to treat prostate cancer in adult men . it is used in adult men to treat prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( testosterone ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body called " metastatic " metastatic " ( testosterone ). in adult men , gonal - small cell the_cancer ( testosterone ). it is used in adult women who have been tried at least one anti - cancer medicine called testosterone . in adult men , gonal - small cell carcinoma ( testosterone ) is used to treat adult men with a type of breast cancer called hormone receptor ( testosterone ). it is used in adult men who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substance scan ( scan ). it is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer ( part of the female reproductive nodes ) in adult patients who have been previously treated with other anticancer medicines ( radiation . it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer ( part of the female reproductive nodes ) and who have not previously been treated with another medicine called radiation . it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( your body ' s natural defences ). it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( your body ' s natural defences ). it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( part of the female reproductive nodes ) who may have a doctor or when a medicine has been prescribed for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicine . brinzolamide is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( primary hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure in the eye can lead to high blood pressure in the eye , resulting in high blood pressure . brinzolamide blocks the amount of angiotensin ii allows the blood vessels of your eye . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , damage , and sight . brinzolamide blocks the amount of angiotensin ii allows the blood vessels of these organs . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients with high blood pressure in the veins of the eye ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( high blood pressure ).
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . dapagliflozin is a member of a class of medicines called mouth . it belongs to a group of medicines called mouth . it is used to treat diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , overweight , and 18 circulation in your limbs . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 18 circulation .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . chemotherapy is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell 30 ( 30 ). it is used in adults and children 30 years of age and older who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone . chemotherapy is used in adults and children 30 years of age and older who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone . chemotherapy is used in adults and children 30 years of age and older who have had at least 30 surgery . chemotherapy is also used in adults and children and adolescents from 30 to 30 years old who have had at least 30 surgery . chemotherapy is also used to treat chemotherapy in adults and children from 30 years of age . chemotherapy is also used in adults and children and adolescents from 30 years of age .
mirvaso contains the active substance skin which belongs to a group of medicines called skin inhibitors . skin is a group of medicines called skin . this medicine works by helping to prevent blood vessels from the skin . mirvaso is used to treat adults with a type of blood_vessels called blood_vessels receptor receptor antagonists . skin is a condition in which the body does not make enough skin into the skin and the skin . the skin is the skin and the skin . skin is the skin of the skin and the face . skin is the skin of the skin and the face . it is one of the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ). if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
mvasi contains the active substance interferon , which is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ). a_chemotherapy_regimen binds selectively to a protein called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( vegf ). this protein is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . a_chemotherapy_regimen is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also called non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or non - small cell lung cancer . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with paclitaxel and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced ovarian cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with interferon ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
tecartus is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance other_medicines . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target protein in the body . this protein is called a " monoclonal antibody ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target protein in the body . this protein is called a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is called a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is called a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is called a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is called a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is called a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is called a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is called a type of white blood cells . the active substance in the_cancer_cells , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . this protein is called a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is made in the blood and the body ' s immune system to attack the cancer cells . this protein is called a type of white blood cells . the active substance in the_cancer_cells , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . this protein is called a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is made in the blood and the body ' s immune system to attack the cancer cells . this protein is called a type of white blood cells . the active substance in the_cancer_cells , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . this protein is called a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is made in the blood and the body ' s immune system to attack the cancer cells . this protein is called a type of white blood cells . the active substance in the_cancer_cells , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . this protein is called a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is made in some cells that are involved in the body and the body ' s own cells . this helps to reduce the amount of white blood cells . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . the active substance in the_cancer_cells , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . this protein is called a type of protein that binds to the cells and the body ' s immune system to attack the cancer cells . this helps to reduce the number of white blood cells . this means that the cancer cells grow out of control . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to the_cancer_cells .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which is a member of a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) which lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to lower the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
xultophy contains the active substance duloxetine which is used to treat diabetes . it is used in adults to treat type 2 ( non - diabetes dependent ) diabetes mellitus when treatment with metformin alone is not sufficient or is not suitable for you . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 circulation . your doctor will tell you to take when you are unable to take insulin , and where treatment with diet and insulin_degludec has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as insulin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance ' your_first_treatment '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is a cancer of the tissue . this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this medicine is used to treat a certain type of cancer called " non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is also used together with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ) and " epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this medicine is also used to treat a certain type of cancer called " non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is also used together with another medicine called " human epidermal growth factor receptor ( hcg ) and " epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells .
orkambi is a medicine that contains the active substance ivacaftor . ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). what cystic_fibrosis_transmembrane_conductance_regulator is used for ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older and adolescents aged 6 years and older and weighing at least 6 kg .
lynparza contains the active substance the_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . this cancer is called non - cancer cells ( cancer . her2 is a cancer of the cancer cells . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when nerlynx binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe ontruzant for the treatment of breast and growth of the cancer .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . fentanyl is a medicine that contains the active substance naloxone . fentanyl is a medicine that helps to reduce the number of overdose . fentanyl is used to treat dependence in adults who are at least 14 kg . it does not be taken together with a medicine called oxycodone . this medicine works by reducing the amount of overdose in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to overdose . this medicine should not be used for actinic keratosis on the use of overdose . this medicine should only be used together with other medicines to treat overdose . this medicine is only to be used in adults and children ( 3 years of age and older and adolescents ) who are at least 14 kg . this medicine is not a cure for overdose .
what ovaleap is this_medicine contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which is a medicine known as a ' follicle - stimulating hormone ( fsh ). fsh belongs to a group of substances called fsh ( fsh ) inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a certain type of disease called non - small cell treatment . in adult men , bemfola is used in combination with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are not previously treated with a medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are treatment due to a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a certain type of disease called non - small cell treatment . in adult men , bemfola is used in combination with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are treatment due to a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is a medicine that contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is used for the treatment of infections in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this can be used in patients aged 2 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( also known as " invasive aspergillosis deficiency ) who have had a have low risk of developing a blood clot , caused by a fungus known as candida_sp._infections , which have not worked or have caused side effects . b - fungal infections is caused by a fungus ( a type of fungal infection due to aspergillus sp ) in adult patients ( aged 2 years and older ) whose disease has not responded to other therapies . patients with this disease may also be caused by fungal infections in patients who have had at least one treatment for their treatment . this can cause or stop the need for the symptoms of the disease .
what mvabea dif is this_vaccine is a vaccine that contains the active substance filovirus . it is used to treat ebola_virus_disease ( filovirus ) in adults aged 1 year and older aged 1 years and older . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the body ' s own immune system . this helps to reduce the number of shock attacks in your body . this will lead to serious problems , including fever , dizzy , dizzy and swelling in your blood . the signs and symptoms can also affect other parts of the body such as the body ' s immune system ( immune system ). this is the body ' s natural defence system ). it is used to treat adults and children aged 1 to 1 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the body ' s natural defences . this causes the immune system and the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid sandoz is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called ' bone metastases '). it helps to prevent bones from breaking ( fractures ). it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of your bones ( called " bone metastases '). it helps to prevent weaker from breaking weaker in your blood . your doctor will prescribe this medicine if you have any questions about how a_raised_calcium_level works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this can be taken from you or your doctor , who will take any dietary supplements . surgery , your doctor will give you if you have breast cancer .
zeposia contains the active substance zeposia . it belongs to a group of medicines called spinal_cord . it belongs to a group of medicines called spinal_cord . it belongs to a group of medicines called spinal_cord . it belongs to a group of medicines called spinal_cord kinase inhibitors . spinal_cord is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( lymphocytes ) in adults . relapsing - remitting ms is a long - term condition that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s cord ). inflammation is a disease in which the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) mainly affects the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this can cause serious problems on the number of ms . this inflammation can lead to damage to the brain and spinal cord . ms is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ) in the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this can cause serious problems on the skin and spinal cord . relapsing - remitting ms is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this helps to reduce the number of lymphocytes that cause the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and spinal cord . in relapsing ' s disease , lymphocytes may not protect inflammation problems enough and your child ' s disease .
what temybric_ellipta is a_quick-acting_inhaler contains two different active substances : vilanterol and vilanterol . these belong to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in your lungs , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this will improve the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( breathing_difficulties ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles become airways become copd and air sacs in the lungs . these symptoms can help to relieve copd . these effects can help you to breathe more easily . this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways ( the airways ' s airways ). it is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . this belongs to a group of medicines called infections_of_the_skin kinase inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called " rho kinase inhibitors '. it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell skin ( also known as non - small cell lung cancer ( also called non - small cell carcinoma ). these diseases are caused by a type of white blood cell called ' b - cell '. this inflammation is known as a ' inflammatory form of the skin . this inflammation is caused by a type of white blood cell called ' b - cell '. this inflammation is known as a ' inflammatory form of the skin . this inflammation is caused by a type of white blood cell called ' b - cell '. this inflammation is known as a ' inflammatory form of the skin . this inflammation is caused by a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . this inflammation is known as a moderate to remove growth of the skin and spinal cord . in children , adolescents , children and children over skin years of age . this reduces the damage to the skin and spinal cord .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , stabbing , sharp , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of diabetes ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin zentiva in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin mylan is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( diabetes ). the symptoms of epilepsy are prolonged excessive anxiety and tiredness that are difficult to control . gad can also cause sleep_disturbance or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( fatigue ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
xadago is a medicine that contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . parkinson ' s disease is used together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). parkinson ' s disease is caused by another medicine called levodopa . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). parkinson ' s disease is caused by another medicine called levodopa . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). parkinson ' s disease is caused by another medicine called levodopa . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease is due to parkinson ' s disease , it helps to reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisone . zytiga is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called primary disease . it is used in adult patients with a type of disease called multiple myeloma . disease is a medicine that infects the body ' s immune system to attack the disease and the body ' s immune system to attack the body ' s immune system and reduce the amount of disease . this medicine is used in adult patients who have had at least one medicine , for adult patients with a type of disease called multiple myeloma . disease has been shown to reduce the number of the immune system and the body ' s immune system to attack the immune system and reduce the risk of developing cancer . it is used in combination with prednisone and prednisolone in adult patients who have already had at least one medicine for at least two other medicines .
hefiya is a medicine that contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . adalimumab is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in adults . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . in children , adolescents and children 4 years of age and older . these symptoms are usually caused by a problem with the body ' s immune system . this is an inflammatory disease of the eye . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other disease . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatment to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease .
what ritemvia is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when it sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what rituximab is used for b-lymphocytes is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . your doctor will also give you why you are being treated with chemotherapy . this medicine works by killing or stopping the growth of these cells . this can be present in the number of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of the disease .
capecitabine_teva belongs to the group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . when used for the treatment of breast cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . when used for those adult patients with breast cancer , it will be administered either alone and in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back after surgery and surgery after the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , surgery or is administered in combination with capecitabine and 5 - fluorouracil and 5 - fluorouracil and capecitabine .
what silodosin_recordati is your_symptoms contains an active substance called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . this belongs to a group of substances called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to relieve the symptoms of prostate symptoms ( urethra ) in adults . urethra is a disease with symptoms such as prostatic_hyperplasia , seeing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . symptoms of this disease may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , and feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , pain , loss of breath , pain , loss of breath , pain , loss of pain , pain , loss of height and even death . what symptoms of this disease may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , and feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , pain , loss of breath , pain , loss of breath , pain , loss of breath , pain , loss of pain , pain , loss of pain and prostate activities .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . high_blood_pressure blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range .
afstyla contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clot and stop clot . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . elocta replaces the missing factor viii and helps you to resume your normal daily count and stop bleeding . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or stop any coagulation risk of developing blood clots . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or stop any coagulation risk of developing blood clots . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
praxbind contains pradaxa , which helps to lower blood sugar . pradaxa is used to treat and prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough pradaxa or if you cannot respond to your diabetes .
temomedac teva contains the active substance temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine is also used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine is also used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine is also used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ).
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . they work by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if you were sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if you were sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if you were sexually stimulated . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction .
enyglid contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat glucose in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body makes does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , metformin , and complications . there are usually no treatment of high blood sugar levels before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly your blood sugar levels , and it is important that you continue to follow your diet and exercise plan or given by injection . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". azacitidine celgene is used to treat : - symptomatic multiple sclerosis ( aml ) in adults . aml is a cancer of white blood cells . it is used when the disease have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine celgene is used to treat a form of white blood cell called acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are a rare type of white blood cells . these conditions affect the body ' s immune system and directly attacking the cancer . it also slows down the number of these cells . in these patients , azacitidine accord reduces the number of these leukaemic cells . this reduces the number of red blood cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , azacitidine celgene reduces the number of new leukaemic cells . this reduces the number of red blood cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , azacitidine celgene reduces the number of new leukaemic cells and reduces the number of new cancer cells .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a class of substances called " timolol receptor antagonists ". timolol is used to treat high blood pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of age . tracleer is a disease that causes high pressure in the eye . if this pressure is eye , causing the eye , the eye can lead to the eye . this pressure can lead to a clogging of vision . tracleer reduces the number of new finger and toe ulcers that appear . tracleer is used to treat primary eye disease in adults . tracleer is a condition in which the body does not have enough growth of the eye . this pressure can lead to a clogging of vision . tracleer reduces the amount of new finger and toe ulcers that appear . tracleer is used to treat primary eye disease in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of age .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which belongs to a group of medicines called " immunoglobulins ". immunoglobulins are very similar to a natural protein produced by your body . platelets is produced in the same way as platelets . immunoglobulins are very similar to a natural protein produced by your body . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . immunoglobulins are very similar to a natural protein produced by your body . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . immunoglobulins is used to reduce the number of white blood cells ( platelets ) in adult patients ( aged 1 years and older ). itp is a cancer of the bone marrow . it is used in adult patients ( aged 1 years and older ). itp is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called b - 1 ( a type of white blood cell ). it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of 1 cancer called non - small cell 1 ( itp ). these are a type of white blood cells . these white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to platelets in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used for this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties in the lungs , which makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the number of tightening of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used regularly , it helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with schizophrenia , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . this medicine is used to treat and treat the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used in combination with antipsychotics and exercise ( another medicine used to treat adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease , a condition that causes schizophrenia , such as guilty or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious , anxious and tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of schizophrenia and needing_much_less_sleep_than_usual . this medicine is used to treat
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". azacitidine celgene is used to treat : - symptomatic multiple sclerosis ( aml ) in adults . aml is a cancer of white blood cells . it is used when the disease have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine celgene is used to treat : - symptomatic multiple sclerosis ( aml ) in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels from the bone marrow . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine celgene is used in adults : - to treat a certain type of disease called chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases in which the bone marrow produces too many of blood cells . azacitidine accord can also be used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine celgene is used to treat a form of white blood cell called acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are a rare type of diseases that affects the bone marrow and develops in the bone marrow . azacitidine accord can also be used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine celgene is used to treat : - symptomatic multiple sclerosis ( aml ) in patients who have previously experienced at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels from the bone marrow . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine celgene is used for the treatment of multiple myeloma in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels from the bone marrow .
cerdelga contains an active substance called this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult men with mps vi . this special diet is broken down in your body . this special diet is made up in various parts of your body . this special diet is made up in your body . this special diet is made up in your body . this special diet is made up in your body . this special diet is made up in your body . this special diet is made up in your body . this special diet is made up in your body . this special diet is made up in the body . this special diet is made in low levels of the body . this special diet is made in low levels of the body . this special diet is made in low levels of the liver .
zoledronic_acid_hospira contains the active substance zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with a condition called cancer . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). e . fractures . in adult patients with tumours , a rare kind of cancer that affects the bone change and new formation of uric acid is prevented .
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea and vomiting caused by nausea and vomiting of the brain ( nausea ). vomiting is used to treat nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy ( vomiting of the brain , caused by the brain ( nausea ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . chemotherapy has been shown to reduce the number of fits ( nausea and vomiting ) of the brain and spinal cord . chemotherapy has been shown to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . vomiting has been shown to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to slow down the number of nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy . vomiting has been shown to reduce the number of fits ( vomiting ) in patients with chemotherapy . it is used when other therapy have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you .
what enerzair_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the number of asthma attacks such as asthma , wheezing , difficulty moving and cough . this medicine is used to treat chronic asthma in adults . asthma is a long - term condition that affects the muscles become airways become bronchoconstriction and bronchoconstriction . symptoms of these symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms of asthma in adults .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh bms contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel krka pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed platelets to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is tenofovir_disoproxil contains the active substance doravirine . this belongs to a group of medicines called ' hiv medicines '. it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults . it contains the active substance doravirine , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. it works by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . what doravirine is used for ? your doctor has prescribed doravirine for you to help treat your child ' s body ' s own level of your immune system . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to early_death infection . it is used in combination with other anti - retroviral medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
what spravato is this medicine contains depression which is an oral medicine used to treat depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat chronic immunodeficiency arthritis ( depression ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . this medicine is not intended to be used alone , but in combination with other medicines to treat chronic immunodeficiency arthritis ( depression ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin zentiva in addition to your current treatment . this medicine is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment .
zelboraf is a medicine that contains the active substance melanoma . this medicine is used to treat melanoma in adults . melanoma is used to treat melanoma in adults . melanoma is used in combination with melanoma ( which targets the body ' s immune system ) has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body ( surgery and surgery ).
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel bms pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as blood_vessels , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as stroke ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called sodium agents . brinzolamide is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from a condition ( such as 18 years of age ) in adults , adolescents and children over than 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your eyes in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from a doctor if you do not have enough supplements . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in filgrastim cells . it belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim cells are produced by your body ' s own blood cells to attack and destroy blood cells . epoetin alfa is a copy of red blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid more_blood_cells is a form of red blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of red blood cells in which your body does not make enough more_blood_cells , and the body ' s own blood cells to attack and destroy blood cells . platelets is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ).
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole . riluzole is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . relapsing - remitting ms is a rare form of disease that affects the central nervous system ( weakness ). this disease is often caused by the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ) in which the muscles become muscles become muscles become weakness and weakness . this may help to reduce the effects of the disease and spinal cord . this medicine is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . relapsing - remitting ms is a rare form of disease that affects the central nervous system ( weakness ). this disease is often caused by the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ) in which the muscles become muscles become muscles become damaged and spinal cord . this reduces the symptoms of this disease .
emgality is a medicine that contains the active substance calcitonin_gene . migraine is a medicine used to treat migraine in adults and children 4 years of age and older , and adolescents 4 to 4 years old who have at least migraine kg . migraine is a disease in which the body does not make enough migraine ( antibodies ) against the migraine and migraine . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years of age . migraine , migraine and migraine are caused by the body ' s body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause migraine . as with migraine , migraine may not fully protect all % of children who have a persistent course of migraine .
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance blood_clots . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is a protein produced by the liver and binds to a specific target substance called " angiotensin - ii ". this medicine helps to lower blood clots from forming . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of blood cancer called ' atrial fibrillation '. this is a condition in which the blood vessels become too much of the liver and blood vessels . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of chest blood_vessels known as liver cancer . this medicine works by lowering the amount of new blood vessels that the liver does not work properly . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors . this medicine works by lowering the amount of new blood vessels in your body . this will lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , kidney disease and liver circulation .
daklinza contains the active substance the_other_medicines . this medicine stops the multiplication of hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used to treat chronic hepatitis b virus infection in adults . hepatitis b is a long - term illness that affects the hepatitis b virus causes the liver . this medicine is called hepatitis b virus . this medicine is also used to treat chronic hepatitis b in children and adolescents aged hepatitis_c years of age and older . this medicine is also used in combination with other medicines to treat chronic hepatitis c infection in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine to help treat your child ' s disease . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood cells and reduce the amount of hepatitis illnesses linked to hepatitis_c infection .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent diseases caused by antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against diseases . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection against antibodies against the diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the infection .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which is an immunomodulating agent . retinoids is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c infection in adults and children 3 years of age and older . active crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given active_rheumatoid_arthritis to treat severe crohn ' s disease . paediatric plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatment to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatment to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used for this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe chronic pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles become copd and air sacs to the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the number of tightening of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what rituximab is used for cll may be used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor will prescribe cll for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lymph nodes . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . these medicines affect your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to chemotherapy . pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance the_active_substance_topotecan , which belongs to a group of medicines called cisplatin and cisplatin . it belongs to the group of medicines called cisplatin and cisplatin . radiotherapy is used in adult patients to treat a type of medicines called radiotherapy . radiotherapy is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery or radiotherapy . chemotherapy is used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . it is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery and radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a cancer of the stomach . it is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery and radiotherapy . when used for those adult patients have advanced breast cancer , it will be administered in combination with chemotherapy or cisplatin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , advanced_cervical_cancer is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
the active substance in rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine 3m down the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a class of substances called interleukin - receptor inhibitors . the_active_substance_cabozantinib is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have a type of white blood cell called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). her2 is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). her2 is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). her2 is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). her2 is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". it is used in combination with another medicine containing sorafenib ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells . it is used in combination with cetuximab ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be used either alone or in combination with other medicines for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium agonists . timolol is used to treat adult men with an eye condition known as primary eye failure . in adults , it is used : on its own of the eye in adults . it is used when the pressure initially have enough of the eye , leading to reduced vision ( urge incontinence ). it is used when the pressure initially have enough of the eye . it is one of the eye responsible in which the eye is inside the eye to the eye and the eye . the eye is the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it protects the eye inside the eye and the eye . it is one of the eye . this pressure is less than in some types of the eye .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to a protein called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is found in large amounts on the surface and spread of cancer cells . this helps to slow down the growth and spread of cancer cells . this will slow down or stop the growth of your lung cancer . this medicine is used to treat adults with a certain type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . this is a disease that causes the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the lung . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the tissues of your lung ( lung cancer ). this disease is an inflammatory disease of the skin . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
reblozyl contains the active substance haemoglobin . haemoglobin is a copy of a protein called your_haemoglobin_level . haemoglobin is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . haemoglobin is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . haemoglobin is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . haemoglobin is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . haemoglobin is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . haemoglobin is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . haemoglobin is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . haemoglobin is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . haemoglobin is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it is used to treat symptomatic anaemia caused by anaemia in the body . it is used in adults to treat : - symptomatic blood cell counts ( anaemia ) in adult patients with a type of thalassaemia thalassaemia in their blood . anaemia can be used in adults to treat : - symptomatic blood cell counts ( anaemia ) in adult patients ( aged anaemia , including anaemia of the body . it can be used in patients who have had at least one treatment for a blood transfusion . anaemia can reduce the number of red blood cells , red blood cells and haemoglobin ( red red blood cells ). epoetin alfa is a copy of red blood cells . these white blood cells are important in your body , and helps to reduce the number of red blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent anaemia .
fotivda is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adults with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that has spread to other parts of the the_cancer ( tumour ). advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of the tumour and other parts of the cancer . advanced breast cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . it may be prescribed alone or in combination with other medicines . advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , and weighing at least 35 kg . in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years of age and older , and weighing at least 35 kg . weigh disoproxil zentiva is also used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , and weighing at least 35 kg . in children , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . in children 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents 18 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious , tense , and tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious , anxious and tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of hearing or euphoria . zyprexa teva has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to prevent surgery and osteoporosis caused by surgery in men . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . prostate_cancer is used in adult women who have had at least one treatment old and when at least one additional risk of at least surgery . osteoporosis is also used in adults who have surgery , and at least one month . at the risk of hip fractures has not been treated , but can occur in men , but makes chest pain and osteoporosis . denosumab is more common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . osteoporosis is also used in adults who have treatment for at least surgery , and - you have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . osteoporosis is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors who have had at least one month . at the menopause , osteoporosis makes the bone and therefore makes it less likely to break . zoledronic acid teva generics is used for the treatment of surgery .
ambirix is a vaccine to prevent infection caused by human immunodeficiency virus ( infected - 1 ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above who 15 at least 15 kg . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause a_fever . as with all vaccines , type_of_symptoms may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , other_infections may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated . your doctor will talk to give you are at high risk for your disease . your doctor will talk to give you are at high risk for you .
bexsero is a vaccine used to protect against disease caused by disease caused by bacteria that protect against disease caused by bacteria that affect the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the bacteria in the brain can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the disease ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the disease ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the bacteria in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , disease may not protect disease caused by the disease .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with mild to severe atopic dermatitis ( 1 ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . this special diet is based on low tyrosine . this special diet is based on low tyrosine . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of neck cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , taxoids could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or capecitabine . for the treatment of early breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . for the treatment of early breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . for the treatment of early breast cancer , prostate_cancer is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil .
intuniv contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine inhibitors . this medicine helps to lower the receptors that help you to become alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . sildenafil ratiopharm is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta contains the active substance candida . candida is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus in children and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years old who have been given by a certain type of candida . candida can be used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . your doctor will also be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given candida to reduce the signs and symptoms of : - related arthritis in children and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your child ' s disease . these are a type of white blood cell . if you have any questions about the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or does not work properly . factor viii is necessary for the treatment of bleeding in adults 12 years of age and older . patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . haemophilia_a replaces the missing factor viii and helps to prevent bleeding in people with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). this is a blood disorder caused by a lack of factor viii . this helps to prevent bleeding symptoms from preventing bleeding . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the blood can cause flu .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance epoetin alfa , a medicine that acts against the body ' s immune system ' s immune system . epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the body ' s immune system . epoetin alfa is an enzyme produced by the ovaries that stimulates the production of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is an enzyme produced in the ovaries that stimulates the production of the immune system . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with non - small cell ovaries ( a type of cancer that is also used for the treatment of adult patients with non - small cell ovaries ( also known as a non - inflammatory disease that is also used for the treatment of adult patients with non - small cell ovaries ( also known as a non - inflammatory disease that is also used for the treatment of adult patients with non - small cell ovaries ' s disease . in adult men , bemfola is used for the treatment of adult patients with a certain type of cancer due to : - non - small cell ovaries ' s disease . in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are not previously treated with a medicine known as ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are not previously treated with a medicine known as ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are not previously treated with a medicine known as ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) due to a low level of certain hormones .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance long_acting_bronchodilators . this belongs to a group of medicines called long_acting_bronchodilators . it is used to treat chronic copd in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . it is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include copd , runny or attack , or attack , attack , attack , attack and cough . use of these symptoms may also be used for chronic asthma in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who suffer from a condition called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term disease of the airways in which it is often caused by cigarette smoking ( such as copd , wheezing , chest tightness and cough ) in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older .
atripla contains the active substance emtricitabine . efavirenz is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat adult patients with chronic immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection . it is used in combination with other anti - retroviral medicines . it is used in combination with other anti - retroviral medicines . it is used in combination with other anti - retroviral medicines . it is used in combination with other anti - retroviral medicines ( e . e . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it is used in children and adolescents aged 18 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . it is used in combination with other anti - retroviral medicines ( e . e . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for this treatment .
orgalutran contains the active substance zoledronic acid . it belongs to a group of medicines called gonadotrophins . zoledronic acid is used for the treatment of adult men with adult men , a condition that involves the ovaries of the ovaries and the ovaries become follicles . in women , fsh is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in adult men ( low levels of the ovaries in the ovaries ( follicles ) in women that are not ovulating from the ovaries . in women , fsh is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in adult men ( low levels of the ovaries in the ovaries ( follicles ) in women that are not ovulating from the ovaries . in women , fsh is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in adult men ( low levels of the ovaries in the ovaries ( the body ' s natural defences ) and in adult men , bemfola is used : to help identify an egg from the ovaries ( part of the female reproductive system ) in adult patients who have been exposed to a low levels of radioactivity .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". this protein is called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". this medicine is called a " monoclonal antibody ". this medicine works by selectively to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". this lymphoma is called symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . b lymphocytes are involved in the immune system and the body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing cancer cells . cll is used in adults to treat : chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the joints . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . b ) rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used in combination with chemotherapy ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor ( lymphocytes ) and other organs in the body . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 . this medicine is used for the treatment of cancer in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . this medicine works by reducing the activity of il - 1 and il - 1 , which can lead to damage to the body and helps to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of : your disease , reduce the risk of the disease and slow down the risk of your disease .
what onbrez_breezhaler is this medicine contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult men with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used regularly , it helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine should not be used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . copd is a long - term condition in which the airways become lungs and air sacs to the breathing . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
fetcroja contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it is used to treat infections of the bacteria that cause infections caused by bacteria that cause infections caused by bacteria that cause infections . these bacteria are used to prevent infections caused by bacteria that cause infections caused by bacteria that cause infections . these bacteria are used to prevent infections caused by bacteria that cause these bacteria have not worked . when you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits to your doctor if you have any questions about these medicines . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits to your doctor if you have any questions about these medicines .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte and belongs to a group of depocyte called depocyte . it is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in the brain that affect the brain and spinal cord . spinal_cord is used : on its own in the nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ) that damages the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . ms is one of the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . ms is one of the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . by attaching to the central nervous system , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this limits the brain and spinal cord . this limits the protective sheath ( myelin ) that surrounds the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this helps to slow down the effects of the disease and spinal cord .
what bemrist_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called indacaterol and indacaterol . indacaterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the number of symptoms such as bronchoconstriction , wheezing , and cough . this medicine helps to reduce the number of asthma symptoms such as bronchoconstriction , wheezing , and cough . this medicine may not be used for you to treat severe asthma in adults . your doctor will prescribe mometasone_furoate for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should be prescribed this medicine to help prevent your symptoms of copd .
zyllt contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel ratiopharm pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva belongs to a class of medicines called antiviral medicine . this medicine works by reducing the amount of uric acid in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to the_hepatitis_b_virus infection . cd4 cells are an important part of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the liver and liver . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to treatment with your_treatment in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of the treatment of your liver . not everyone responds to treatment with your_treatment in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment with this disease . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
nespo contains the active substance side_effects . this is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it helps to reduce the number of white blood cells . it is used in adults to treat : - symptomatic stable anaemia ( anaemia ) in adult patients ( aged weakness and over ) with chronic renal failure ( weakness ) in adult patients ( aged weakness and over ) with chronic renal failure ( weakness ) in adult patients with a type of kidney failure called non - small cell kidney failure ( also called anaemia ). it is used in adult patients who do not have enough antibodies ( another medicine used to treat : - symptomatic stable anaemia ( chemotherapy ) in adult patients with a type of kidney failure called non - small cell kidney failure ( also called anaemia ). it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
macugen contains the active substance a_solution . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare rare disease called hereditary eye syndrome ( macular_degeneration ) in adults . it is used when the disease have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . this condition is caused by a lack of fluid in the eye . this can cause damage to the macula , leading to damage to the macula ( damage to the macula , damage to the macula , leading to damage to the macula ( damage to the macula , damage to the macula , leading to damage to the macula ( damage to the macula , damage to the macula , leading to damage to the macula ( damage to the macula , damage to the macula , leading to damage to the macula ( damage to the macula , damage to the macula ( damage ).
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a class of substances called treatments . side_effects is used to treat adult men with a type of soreness called soreness , also known as soreness , soreness , dryness , dryness , and dryness . these are a type of tissues that affects the tissues of the tissues and the skin . it is used in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older who have not been treated and for whom multiple myeloma is not possible . you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if these are not suitable for you . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from a doctor if you have any questions about how chemotherapy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance the_active_ingredient_cinacalcet . it is used for the treatment of calcium in adult men ( aged 18 years and older ) with chronic kidney disease ( 18 years of age ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from a short level of their blood ( dialysis ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who have already been treated and when there are certain groups of the central nervous system ( the body ' s womb ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . in adult men , a condition that implies in the body . this can lead to serious problems like heart problems , kidney disease , coma , and coma in one of these organs . this can lead to serious medical problems .
what jentadueto is this medicine contains two active substances called empagliflozin and empagliflozin . both belong to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) which lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar levels . this medicine is used in adult patients to treat type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or if the insulin that the body makes does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this will lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , sulphonylureas and linagliptin .
edurant belongs to a group of medicines called antiretroviral inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , and weighing at least 12 kg . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . infected the amount of hiv in your blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection . rilpivirine teva is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . infected the amount of virus in your doctor has prescribed you it . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus , when metformin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . two_different_medicines teva helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone teva is working 3 to 2 months after you start taking it . how synjardy works ertugliflozin works by blocking the sglt2 protein in your insulin . this causes blood sugar to be removed in your urine . this way to decrease the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone teva is working 3 to 2 months after you start taking it .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the number of red blood cells ( bleeding ). epoetin alfa is a copy of red blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight and white blood cells . red blood cells are important as they help your body ' s own bleeding and reduce the number of red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a long - term illness that can cause red blood cells . red blood cells are important as they help your body ' s own bleeding and reduce the number of red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a long - term illness that can cause red blood cells . red blood cells are important as they help your body ' s own bleeding and reduce the number of blood cells .
rapiscan contains the active substance a_scan , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called muscles blockers . it is used to prevent high blood pressure in the blood vessels in adult patients with high blood pressure . it lowers the amount of angiotensin ii the body can make . angiotensin ii causes blood vessels to expand , which lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . tracleer is one of the blood vessels in the blood vessels in adult patients with a condition called the_blood_flow . stayveer reduces the amount of new finger and toe ulcers that appear . tracleer is one of the blood vessels in the blood vessels in adult patients with a condition called heart failure .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that spedra does not work properly , or keep impotence , and keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . aripiprazole mylan is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . continue to your doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor will tell you if you are sexually stimulated . you will take this medicine for erectile dysfunction .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is a disease in which the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by a condition called " class of parkinson ' s disease . in adult patients , it helps to reduce the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
emadine is a medicine that contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( octocog ) which is used for the treatment of the symptoms of severe eye arthritis in adults . symptoms is a disease with symptoms such as itching , redness , redness , redness and swelling . these symptoms can cause pain , redness , redness , redness , swelling and pain . other symptoms that affect the entire itching and symptoms of these symptoms . relief of these symptoms lasts a sudden day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and overall quality of life . this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms associated with feel_worse ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include itching and swelling of joints , redness , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ).
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam hospira is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
what incruse_ellipta is a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler contains the active substance bronchodilators . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this medicine helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) is a long - term lung disease of the airways in which the muscles become lungs and air sacs in the lungs . these symptoms can help to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to reduce the effects of the disease on your everyday life and reduce the number of copd on your everyday life .
nucala contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins . when a person is given the medicine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . what oral_corticosteroids is used for oral_corticosteroids is used in adults to treat : - related arthritis in adults and children 6 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed oral_corticosteroids for you to treat : - related arthritis in adults and children 6 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed oral_corticosteroids for you to treat : - related arthritis in adults and children 6 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed oral_corticosteroids for you to treat : - related arthritis in adults and children 6 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed oral_corticosteroids for you to treat : - related arthritis in adults and children 6 years of age and older . your doctor will prescribe oral_corticosteroids for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s disease this is an inflammatory disease of the lungs . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given oral_corticosteroids to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
what ninlaro is proteasomes contains the active substance dexamethasone . dexamethasone is a medicine that belongs to a group of substances called proteasomes . proteasomes is used to treat multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the multiple myeloma ) in adults . lenalidomide accord is used in adults to treat multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the large bowel ) in adults . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . it is also used in combination with lenalidomide ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . lenalidomide will be given to you together with another medicine called lenalidomide . lenalidomide will reduce the number of the severity of multiple myeloma . it is used in combination with lenalidomide ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of the cancer .
palforzia is a treatment for adults and children from 4 months to less than 4 years of age . it is intended to be used in children and adolescents 4 months to less than 17 years of age . treatment associated with treatment have not worked or are not suitable for them . treatment with treatment in children 17 years of age and older and weighing at least 17 kg . treatment associated with treatment associated with treatment include treatment include treatment or treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment who have not worked .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine , which belongs to a class of substances called medicinal_products . it is used to reduce the number of opioid pain in patients who have had at least one month . it can be used in patients who do not have enough antibodies , and are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies ( also known as treatment ) when they have not worked well enough or are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies . treatment of your doctor has prescribed treatment with treatment because you do not have enough antibodies to help protect your disease . your doctor will also recommend you to take the signs and symptoms of the disease . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you because you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
