incivo , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . ribavirin is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c infection in adults . it is used in combination with other medicines with ribavirin . it is also used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of chronic hepatitis c ( hcv infection infection in adults who have a certain type of hcv infection called hcv infection . it is also used in combination with ribavirin in children who have not previously been treated with an anti - infection . it is also used in combination with ribavirin in children who have not previously been treated with an anti - infection . it is also used in combination with ribavirin in children who have not previously been treated with an anti - infection . it is also used in combination with ribavirin in children who have not previously been treated with an anti - infection . it is also used in combination with ribavirin in children who have not previously been treated with an anti - infection . it is also used in combination with ribavirin in children who have not previously been treated with an anti - infection . it is also used in combination with ribavirin in children who have not previously been treated with an anti - infection . it is also used in combination with ribavirin in children who have not previously been treated with an anti - infection . it is also used in combination with ribavirin in children who have not previously been treated with an antiviral medicines , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zinbryta is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( demyelination ) in adults . ms is a long - term disease that affects the central nervous system ( nerves ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( nerves ) around the brain and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms .
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called " liver medicines ". it is used to treat liver_damage in adults . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines ( also known as liver_damage ). it is used to treat liver_damage in adults . it is used in people who have breathing difficulties to help their liver from the brain ( the ability between the brain ). it protects the brain in the brain ( the brain ) in patients who have been exposed to a lot of the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ) less not worked well enough . this can lead to serious problems or such as in those who have been able to their liver ( the body ' s immune system ) and partial cord ( the body ' s defences ).
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above who 1 at least infection for hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . hiv is the virus that causes acquired immune deficiency syndrome ( aids ). dutrebis is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to treat adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and above . hiv is the virus that causes acquired immune deficiency syndrome ( aids ). it is used in combination with hiv - 1 - infected - infected - infected - infected - infected - infected - infected - hiv - 1 - infected - infected - infected - infected - infected - infected - infected - infected - infected - infected - infected - infected - infected - infected - infected - infected - infected - infected - infected or human longer .
novonorm contains insulin called " insulin glargine ". this is a modified pancreas , which helps to lower blood sugar ( glucose ) glucose in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed to you to lower your blood sugar , which helps to keep a type of sugar called " type 2 diabetes ". if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your pancreas produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent flu ( flu ). pandemic flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . it spreads rapidly around the world . the signs of pandemic flu are similar to those of ordinary flu but may be more serious . how adjupanrix works when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any further vaccine , the flu vaccine may not protect the vaccine . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in adult men who have been exposed to a radioactivity of a group of medicines called radiation . it is used in people who have been exposed to a small amount of radioactivity called ' multiple myeloma '. it can also be used in patients who have been exposed to a radioactivity of the radioactivity with the doctor that requested the scan . the use of tumours does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation . please refer to the package leaflet of the medicine that is to be radiolabelled with lumark .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus , which belongs to a group of medicines called everolimus . growth factors are proteins that are involved in the growth and spread of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). that have been designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body called everolimus . growth factors by attaching to a protein called tumour growth factor receptor ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe ontruzant for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : you have early breast cancer , it will be given alone or with other medicines called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( her2 ) or " epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 - negative ) breast cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines everolimus to treat
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler ellipta is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
tremfya contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody . this medicine is used to treat moderate to severe plaque pain in adults . your doctor may prescribe a medicine for the treatment of psoriasis , a condition with symptoms such as itching , itching , pain and pain . pain and pain may include pain or pain , itching and pain , itching and pain , itching and pain , itching and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain ( like pain or pain ) in adult people who have been exposed to a lot of inflammation such as itching , itching , itching and pain or like an electric shock . there may also be associated with mood changes , such as itching or pain . this may cause pain or pain . pain sensations may be described as hot , itching , itching , itching , itching and pain .
trepulmix belongs to a class of medicines known as hormone receptor agonists . it is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients . cteph is a condition in which the body does not make enough blood to the lungs and the body . this is a high blood pressure that occurs when your blood vessels is damaged . this medicine is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can cteph blood vessels in several organs , which could lead to serious heart problems , heart disease , tiredness and poor circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . it is a type of medicine called a ' monoclonal antibody '. it sticks to a specific protein in your blood . when a blood clot is blocked , the amount of blood vessels forming ( a process called the body ' s natural defences ). what brilique is used for your_dialysis_machine is used in adults to : - prevent the formation of blood clots in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of your heart ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart ( lipids thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart ( lipids thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart ; a heart attack ( myocardial infarction ) or when the clot is not well controlled by the rest of serum operation . angina is a condition in which the heart rate produces too much of a substance called ' atrial synthase ', which can cause heart pain and chest pain in the blood accordingly .
senstend contains the active substance lidocaine . prilocaine belongs to a group of medicines called sodium agonists . prilocaine is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , in adult men , a condition with symptoms of lidocaine , a condition with symptoms of lidocaine , a condition with symptoms of lidocaine , a condition with symptoms of ejaculation . it is also used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( ejaculation ) in adult men that do not have erectile dysfunction . it is also used in adult men who have breathing difficulties due to a lung ability called magnetic resonance imaging ( ejaculation ). if you have any questions or are not sure about something , ask the doctor or mri - centre personnel . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to ejaculation .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . nivolumab is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . nivolumab attaches to a target protein called programmed lymphoma - 1 ( pd - 1 ) receptor ( pd - 1 ) receptor ( pd - 1 ) receptor ( pd - 1 ) has been designed to attach to an antigen in the surface of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). what nivolumab_attaches is used for advanced_non-small_cell_lung_cancer is used to treat adults with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ) that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least two other treatments specifically for the treatment of your cancer .
clopidogrel_tad contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( liver , kidney , rejection ), your body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . the_active_substance_tacrolimus is used to control your body ' s immune response , enabling your body to accept the rejection of your disease . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you to help control your response to your current treatment . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you to help control your response to your current treatment . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you in addition to your current treatment . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you to help prevent your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take rejection in addition to your current treatment . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
the name of your medicine is yttriga . it is an anti - cancer medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called non - small cell hodgkin ' s lymphoma ( also that may be combined with another medicine to treat adult patients with non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is also used together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in adult patients with a certain type of cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is also used together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in adult patients with a certain type of white blood cell . it is also used together with other medicines ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial stage of advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial treatment with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial stage of your disease . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is given to adults , adolescents , children and infants ( including full - term newborn babies ) with hepatitis b virus infection in adults . vaccination causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the virus in the vaccine can cause hepatitis b infection in the blood . the vaccine causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the virus in the vaccine can cause hepatitis b infection in the future . the vaccine causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the virus in the vaccine can cause hepatitis b infection in the future .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab is a monoclonal antibody a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given zessly to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , improve your physical function . ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given zessly to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , improve your physical function . ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given zessly to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , slow down the damage in your joints , improve your physical function . ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) ankylosing spondylitis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have ankylosing spondylitis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given zessly to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your skin that have not been controlled by other medicines or phototherapy .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used to treat dopamine in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is a brain disorder that affects the brain ( dopamine ) in the brain . levodopa is used in adult patients to treat parkinson ' s disease ( dopamine ) in adult men that are not controlled or cannot other other medicines called levodopa . it is also used together with levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat levodopa in adult men that are not controlled controlled by levodopa ( medicines for parkinson ' s disease ). - in adult men , it is used : together with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ) or in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
yellox contains the active substance yellox , which belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to prevent inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation in the inflammation caused by inflammation in the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation in the inflammation of the inflammation in adult patients who have had a bone marrow transplant to reduce inflammation due to the transplantation of inflammation . abseamed is used to prevent inflammation of the anaemia caused by inflammation of the bone marrow or haematopoietic system in patients who have had a bone marrow transplant or who have not had a donor , and - you have not had an operation to , or are not yet to be stopped . inflammation in the creation of bone marrow ( acute anaemia ) in patients who have had a bone marrow transplant that travels through the bloodstream .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong pain - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids act by act to act itself . sufentanil belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids act in small amounts of radioactivity . opioids act by blocking bone breakdown and allows strength of bone testosterone . opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult men who have had an operation to light - resistant prostate cancer called prostate cancer . prostate cancer contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong cancer medicines called opioids . opioids act in small amounts of radioactivity . prostate cancer contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids act in small amounts of radioactivity . prostate cancer contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids act in small amounts of radioactivity . prostate cancer contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids act in small amounts of radioactivity . prostate cancer contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids act in small amounts of radioactivity . prostate cancer contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids act in small amounts of radioactivity . prostate cancer contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids act in small amounts of radioactivity . prostate cancer contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids act in small amounts of radioactivity . prostate cancer contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids act in small amounts of radioactivity . prostate cancer contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids act in small amounts of radioactivity . prostate cancer contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids act in small amounts of radioactivity . prostate cancer contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids act in small amounts of radioactivity , allowing the strength of the female hormone testosterone testosterone in patients with prostate cancer .
erleada contains the active substance surgical_treatment , which is used to treat adult men with prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . how pecfent works nubeqa belongs to a group of substances called tyrosine kinase inhibitors . in adult men , testosterone is used : to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the body ' s own cancer . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body called " metastatic " metastatic " prostate cancer " that has spread to other parts of the body which is also used to treat adult men who have been tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the body ' s own cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substance the_cancer ( also known as the_cancer ). this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell the_cancer ' ( scan ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer ( the body ' s natural defences ). it is given when the cancer has responded to other parts of the the_cancer ( the body ' s immune system ). it is given when the cancer has responded to other parts of the the_cancer ( the body ' s immune system ) or the cancer is likely to respond to a defect ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of cancer that affects the lymph nodes ) in patients who have received at least one other medicine and have not been treated with other anti - cancer medicines that travels through the bloodstream .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called antineovascularisation agents . it is used to treat adults and children with high blood pressure in the eye vessels ( glaucoma ) in adults . glaucoma is a condition that causes the eye glands in the eye . pressure is the eye , causing the eye , causing the eye , leading to the eye and the eye . damage to the eye , causing it easier for the eye to pump blood through them . this can cause the blood vessels inside the eye . damage to the eye , causing it easier for the eye to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , relieves the eye , damage and damage to the eye and damage to the rest of the eye . damage to this pressure in the eye , making it easier for the eye to pump blood through the eye .
forxiga contains dapagliflozin , which belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". these are medicines taken by mouth for diabetes . any_insulin is used to treat diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or your body is not able to use the insulin it produces properly . this leads to a high level of sugar in your blood . dapagliflozin works by removing excess sugar from your body via your urine . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , kidney disease , overweight and 18 .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance cancer_cells , which is used to treat adults with cancer of the bone . it is given to adults , adolescents and children with advanced kidney cancer ( cancer of the bone marrow ) in adults . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the immune_system ( the body ' s womb ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the immune_system ( the body ' s womb ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the immune_system ( the body ' s womb ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the immune_system ( the body ' s womb ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the immune_system ( the body ' s own immune system ) or - to other parts of the body ( autologous stem cell transplant ), or - come back after surgery ( autologous stem cell cancer ).
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines known as skin agents , which work by blocking the blood vessels inside the skin . skin is a chemical that carries blood vessels inside the skin . blood_vessels is used to treat adults with high blood pressure in the skin . if the skin blood vessels is inside the skin , skin , making the blood vessels inside the skin and skin . if the blood vessels have a normal level , it can damage the blood vessels of the skin , face and face , and other places of the blood vessels of the skin . if the high blood pressure is not reduced , it could damage the blood vessels of the skin , which could help to prevent physical damage to the rest of the face . spedra is used to treat adult patients with a condition called skin .
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ). bevacizumab binds selectively to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which is found on the lining of blood and lymph vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is bound to vegf , tumour growth is prevented . vegf is a protein which can block the growth of the blood vessels which provide the body to grow and divide . bevacizumab is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called hormone receptor - positive non - small cell lung cancer ( also known as tumour cancer ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
tecartus can be used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called multiple myeloma . multiple myeloma is a cancer of plasma cells ( a type of white blood cell ) that affects a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . the active substance in the_cancer_cells , is a protein that carries a type of white blood cell , that accumulate part in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal white blood cells accumulate in the blood and blood vessels . this can damage the blood supply to the body and help to maintain the blood supply that the cancer needs . this is a type of white blood cells . these white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of the blood vessels . this results in damage to the bones and the body ' s immune system from attacking the blood supply that the cancer needs .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which is a member of a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , metformin , or glitazones ). what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation .
xultophy contains the active substance duloxetine . basal_insulin is used to lower blood sugar levels in adults with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , diabetes and poor circulation . your doctor has now prescribed to help lower your blood sugar , which may help to prevent insulin_degludec from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine works by blocking the activity of a protein called tyrosine kinase ( egfr ) which is involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . this protein is called a protein which recognises off cancer cell growth . this may slow down the growth and spread of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of cancer cells . this means that the cancer cells from growing and making the cancer cells multiply and the cancer grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs . this means that the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs . this means that the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs .
orkambi is a medicine used to treat cystic_fibrosis in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older with cf , in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who weigh at least cf ( also known as cf ). it does not be used in people 6 years and older who have at least ivacaftor kg with cystic fibrosis . how ivacaftor works ivacaftor is indicated for patients aged 6 years and older with cf who have chronic hepatitis c ( cf ) in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( cf ) who have already been treated with other lung medicines which does not work well enough . it does not cure your breathing difficulties ( your doctor ) do not have a regular use in people who have breathing difficulties or more other symptoms of cf . your doctor will talk with you about these other medicines when there is more suitable for you .
lynparza contains the active substance ovarian_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor cancer ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe previous_treatment for the treatment of breast cancer . cancer cells have a particular change ( mutation ) in a gene called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . fentanyl is a long - acting long - acting overdose . opioids help your body to make its own overdose . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 14 years and older ). it is used for a long - term treatment of opioids ( for example , when exercising - related years of adult men ( aged 14 years and older ). opioids can be used for a regular dose of overdose such as : - overdose . methadone is a long - term condition where the airways does not make enough overdose , and - you have been taken with a reduced dose of a medicine called ' bronchodilators ' ( 99mtc - 1 ). this medicine is used for a moderate and children and adolescents of 14 years and older who have already been treated with a medical dose of their copd . if you get this sort of attack you must use a fast - acting inhaler . your doctor will tell you to use lyumjev as well as a longer - acting inhaler . if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your body called " follicle - stimulating hormone " ( fsh ). fsh is a gonadotropin ( a type of hormone that plays an important role in human fertility and reproduction . in men , fsh is needed for the growth and development of follicles . what gonal - f is used for in adult women , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones . in women , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole hikma is an antifungal medicine . it works by killing or stopping the growth of the fungi that cause infections . what candidaemia is used for candidaemia is used to treat patients with serious types of serious cancer ( a type of fungal infection due to aspergillus sp ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . candidaemia can be used in adults to treat the following types of fungal disease : - invasive aspergillosis ( patients with a type of fungal infection due to aspergillus sp ), whose fungus have not worked well enough . candidaemia is also used in adults to treat the following types of fungal infections : - invasive aspergillosis in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . prevention of fungal infections in patients who have had at least one fungal transplant or who have been treated with other fungal medicines which have fungal infection .
mvabea vaccine is a vaccine used to protect against ebola_virus_disease ( filovirus ) caused by a ( h1n1 ) v virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause serious weeks . the vaccine is not used to treat ebola_virus caused by the same type of filovirus . filovirus is a type of filovirus where the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause serious weeks . the vaccine causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause hepatitis b virus disease in the future .
bondronat belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . iasibon is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called ' bone metastases '). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it helps to prevent other bone problems that may need surgery or surgery . ibandronic acid works by reducing the amount of calcium that is lost from your blood . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . that you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zeposia is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( lymphocytes ) in adults . ms is a long - term condition that affects the central nervous system ( multiple_sclerosis ), including the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in multiple sclerosis , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in multiple sclerosis , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in multiple sclerosis , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease
what temybric_ellipta is this medicine contains two active substances called umeclidinium_bromide and vilanterol . umeclidinium furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what rolufta ellipta is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( breathing_difficulties ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in people with copd , this medicine helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine , which belongs to a group of medicines which affect metabolism . it is used to treat adults with the following types of bacteria that affect the skin in the skin caused by the skin ( the skin ) caused by the skin bacteria known as the skin , but also known as the skin , causing the skin and spinal cord , causing the skin and other parts of the skin . vision is a disease that runs the skin and spinal cord , causing the skin and the skin and spinal cord , causing the skin and the skin and spinal cord , causing the skin and other places of the skin . vision is a disease that runs the skin and spinal cord , causing the skin and the skin and spinal cord , causing the skin and other places of the skin . vision is a cancer of the gut . this inflammation can lead to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the skin ( black dots or wispy lines that move across the field of vision ). amsparity works by reducing this inflammation , thereby stopping symptoms of the illness .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin mylan is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping , aching , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of diabetes ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin mylan in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin mylan is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin mylan is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ). the symptoms of shooting are prolonged excessive anxiety and a_variety_of_diseases that are difficult to control . gad can also cause tingling or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( sleep_disturbance ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
xadago is a medicine that contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used in the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , it is used : together with another medicine called levodopa . parkinson ' s disease is caused by a regular type of dopamine ( dopamine ) in the brain . it helps to reduce the effects of the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by treatment with another medicine called levodopa . it helps to reduce the effects of the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is taken together with another medicine called levodopa . it helps to reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisolone . disease is a medicine used to treat disease that occurs in the body . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin disease called multiple myeloma . disease is a condition in which the body produces too much of a hormone called disease . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat a condition called " prednisolone ". in adult patients , a condition that breaks down the amount of calcium in the blood . the amount of testosterone can be detected in high levels in the body . your doctor will monitor the scan for the treatment of disease . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - for the treatment of early  s disease , prednisolone , prednisolone , is used in combination with prednisolone .
hefiya is a medicine that contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnf ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnf , adalimumab blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis and enthesitis - related arthritis polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis and enthesitis - related arthritis are inflammatory diseases of the joints that usually first appear in childhood . adalimumab is used to treat polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents aged 2 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory skin condition that causes red , flaky , crusty patches of skin covered with silvery scales . plaque psoriasis can also affect the nails , causing them to crumble , become thickened and lift away from the nail bed which can be painful . psoriasis is believed to be caused by a problem with the body ' s immune system that leads to an increased production of skin cells . amsparity is also used to treat severe chronic plaque psoriasis in children and adolescents aged 4 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what rituximab is used for ruxience may be used for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , severe axial spondyloarthritis including granulomatosis and severe polyangiitis . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints . b - lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . it is also used to treat rheumatoid arthritis in people who have already tried some other medicines which have either stopped working , have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . mabthera is usually taken together with another medicine called corticosteroids . rixathon slows down the damage to your joints caused by rheumatoid arthritis and improves your ability to do normal daily activities . the best responses to mabthera are seen in those who have an increased blood cell transplant , or have caused side effects .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine medac is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , capecitabine medac is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with other medicines . - for the treatment of this medicine , surgery , it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it may be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
silodosin_recordati belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a - adrenoreceptor blockers . alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers is selective for the receptors located in the prostate , bladder and urethra . by blocking these receptors , it causes smooth muscle in these tissues to relax . this makes it easier for you to pass water and relieves your symptoms . the symptoms of this medicine is used in adult men to treat the urinary symptoms associated with benign enlargement of the prostate ( prostatic hyperplasia ), such as : difficulty in the bladder , a more frequent need to pass water , even at night . symptoms may also occur when you are sexually stimulated . it reduces the action of the natural chemical in your bladder , which makes it easier for air to get in and out of the tissues of the bladder . when used for the treatment of this condition , your doctor may prescribe other changes in the symptoms of your everyday life .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . high_blood_pressure blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attacks , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . cardiovascular_events is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clot and stop clot . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent clot episodes caused by haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and can be caused by haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and can be caused by haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and can not be used for all age groups . patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . elocta is used to treat and prevent bleeding in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and can not be used for all age groups .
praxbind contains pradaxa , which is an anti - inflammatory medicine called blood_clot_formation . pradaxa is used to treat a type of skin disease called non - small cell pradaxa . pradaxa is used when the disease cannot be adequately controlled by previous treatments . pradaxa is used in adults and children . pradaxa is used when your disease cannot be adequately controlled by pradaxa alone . pradaxa can be used when previous therapy is not suitable for you . pradaxa is used in adults and children pradaxa than pradaxa . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or nurse . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or nurse . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
temomedac teva contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . temozolomide hexal is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . temodal is first used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . temodal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which is a member of a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as erectile_function . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
enyglid contains insulin called " insulin glargine ". this is a modified pancreas , which helps to lower blood sugar ( glucose ) glucose in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed to you to lower your blood sugar , which are too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also called non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " bcl - metabolites ". aml is used to treat : - symptomatic myeloid diseases ( mds ) - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell production . aml is also used to treat chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ) in adult patients with a form of white blood cell called acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell production . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of myeloid leukaemia of white blood cells . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a class of medicines called " timolol analogues ", which work by reducing the pressure of the eye and so reduce the pressure of eye eye . timolol is used to treat pressure in the eye ( eye lesions ) in adults and adolescents , adolescents and children from eye disease of the eye . vision pressure is a condition in which the eye eye is inside the eye , leading to the eye , causing the eye , leading to vision damage in the eye , eye , eye , and vision . yentreve works by increasing the pressure of the eye , making it easier for the eye to pump blood vessels in the eye . glaucoma is an eye disease that causes the eye fibres of the eye . liquid is used to improve pressure in the eye .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". immunoglobulins are also known as platelets and binds to a specific target in the body . immunoglobulins is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above with itp . itp is a condition in which the body does not produce enough neutrophils . itp is a condition in which the bone marrow produces too many red blood cells . red blood cells are important as they help your body fight bleeding . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to platelets in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what seebri breezhaler is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in breathing_difficulties the muscles around the muscles tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of the disease on your everyday life and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat schizophrenia , a disease with schizophrenia . schizophrenia is a disease with symptoms such as depressed , seeing or sensing things that are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , anxious , guilty , or tense . aripiprazole mylan is used to treat a certain form of schizophrenia ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin sandoz for you to help treat your symptoms and reduce the symptoms of your copd and reduce the symptoms of your disease and stop the symptoms of copd on your everyday life and relieve symptoms of parkinson ' s disease , needing much less sleep than usual , talking very quickly with racing ideas and sometimes severe irritability .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " bcl - metabolites ". aml is used to treat : - symptomatic myeloid diseases ( mds ) - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell production , such as acute myeloid leukaemia ( cmml ). acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of leukaemia of certain white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . azacitidine accord is also used to treat chronic myeloid leukaemia ( mds ) in patients who have experienced at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell counts . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine accord helps to protect against attacks on the bone marrow and spinal cord .
cerdelga is a medicine that contains the active substance teriparatide . this medicine is used to treat adult spleen women . this medicine is used in adults . this medicine is used in adults . this medicine is used in adults . this medicine is used in adults . this medicine is used in adults . this medicine is used in adults . this medicine is used in adults . this medicine is used in adults . this medicine is used in adults . this medicine is used in adults . this medicine is used in adults . this medicine is used in adults . this medicine is used in adults only . this medicine is used in adults only . this medicine is used in adult men to treat men that is not broken down by the body . this special diet is broken down in your bones . this special diet is broken down in your bones . this special diet is called remodelling . this condition is known as adult men . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). e . fractures and in adult patients with calcium metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea ( nausea ) in adults and adolescents ( from nausea from nausea during physical sclerosis ( nausea ) to treat nausea ( nausea ) in adults and adolescents ( from nausea years of age ) before one of the brain ( partial seizure ) that central conditions have not worked well enough . experience with chemotherapy can reduce the amount of fits ( fits ) around the brain and spinal cord . this area is less than in some types of the brain ( nausea and vomiting ) of patients with secondary hyperparathyroidism . secondary hyperparathyroidism can cause sick of the brain and other parts of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). in this case chemotherapy , being_sick_(vomiting helps the brain and other parts of the brain . this area is less than in some types of age .
what enerzair_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . these belong to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids ( corticosteroids ). corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation ( inflammation ) in the small airways in the lungs and so gradually ease breathing problems . corticosteroids also help to prevent attacks of asthma . what zimbus breezhaler is used for atectura breezhaler is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ), in which the airways around the smaller airways become tight ( bronchoconstriction ) and inflamed . symptoms come and go and include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . you should use this medicine once a day , it will help to reduce the effects of your disease .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed platelets to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is early_death contains the active substance lamivudine . tenofovir_disoproxil is a member of a class of medicines called a ' protease inhibitors '. what tenofovir_disoproxil is used for a_non-nucleoside_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . your doctor has prescribed tenofovir_disoproxil for you because you have hiv infection . it does not cure hiv infection ; it reduces the amount of hiv in your body and this will improve your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . what it is used for ? tenofovir_disoproxil is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults aged 18 years and over . how tenofovir_disoproxil works the active substances in tenofovir_disoproxil , tenofovir_disoproxil , belongs to a class of medicines called ' protease inhibitors ' which work by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection .
spravato contains the active substance esketamine , which belongs to a class of medicines called " 2 inhibitors ". they work by reducing the activity of a protein in the body called il - 1 beta . this medicine is used for the treatment of depression in adult patients ( aged 2 years and older ) with the symptoms of depression symptoms such as depression , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disorder may also feel loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , anxious , anxious , or esketamine . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older . the symptoms of depression vary from a person to help about the symptoms of your disease and stop your symptoms from coming back . this medicine is used to treat generalised symptoms of depression in adults .
zelboraf is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance paclitaxel . it is used in adults for cancer of the following types of cancer : breast cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one other therapy has not worked and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one other therapy has not worked and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one other therapy has not worked and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called this_clumping ). clopidogrel bms is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as platelets , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as platelets , heart attack , or clopidogrel ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as antiplatelet_medicinal_products ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , clopidogrel or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines known as enzyme replacement agonists . it is used to treat adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) with this pressure . it is used in adults to treat 18 years of age ( older ) in adults and adolescents from 18 years old onward . this pressure is a group of adult the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ), which lines the eyes and the eyes ). these symptoms are caused by the formation of the chemical ( the chemical in the eyes ). this pressure leads to a high amount of substances that allows the eyes . this may help to reduce the amount of the chemical in the eyes , and improves the swelling of the eyes . this may help to reduce the effects of the illness .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells . white blood cells are important as they help your body fight granulocyte infection . these cells are very sensitive to a effects of several different white white blood cells . white blood cells are important as they help your body fight granulocyte infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you filgrastim to encourage your bone_marrow ( part of the bone marrow ) which can produce blood cells .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole which blocks the growth of nerve cells . what lucentis is used for ocrevus is used in adults to treat the symptoms of primary disease ( ms ) in adults . it can reduce the ability of the symptoms of the disease , and symptoms of the disease on the symptoms of the disease ( worsening of the disease ) and symptoms such as worsening of the disease . - this disease is caused by too much polyneuropathy ( a ) - inherited disease that affects the muscles in the muscles between the brain and spinal cord . the symptoms of weakness vary from patient to patient but typically include the muscles of the disease . the symptoms of this disease is unknown . this can help to reduce the effects of the disease and to reduce the progression of the disease .
emgality is a medicine that is used to treat migraine related disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 4 years and older . it is given to prevent migraine in people with moderate to severe chronic papillomavirus ( migraine ) who migraine from 4 years of age . xromi is intended for use in children 4 years of age and older . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , and joints . this medicine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , and joints . this medicine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the liver which causes blood vessels to narrow , which causes blood vessels to narrow . this protein is used to treat adult patients with a form of medicines known as blood_clots receptor antagonists . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to prevent blood vessels in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) which causes the blood vessels of the liver and the blood vessels in the liver and / or blood vessels of the liver .
daklinza contains the active substance ribavirin . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus ( hbv ) infection in adults . your doctor may prescribe this medicine for the treatment of hepatitis b virus infection in adults , adolescents and children from the hepatitis c virus . your doctor may ask you to take this medicine on its own . this medicine is also used to treat chronic ( long term ) hepatitis c virus ( hbv ) infection in adults . your doctor may prescribe this medicine if your condition does not respond to use the other medicines that you will be taking with the_other_medicines . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . the medicine may be used in combination with other medicines . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent chickenpox ( chickenpox ) caused by bacteria that cause diseases from getting weeks . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection against antibodies against the diseases . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which belongs to a class of strong - inflammatory medicines called retinoids . retinoids is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis in patients who have not previously treated well enough or are not suitable for you . for rheumatoid arthritis , psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given treatment in combination with phototherapy , another anti - inflammatory medicine , it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines . if you have any questions about these medicines , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what seebri breezhaler is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in breathing_difficulties the muscles around the muscles tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of the disease on your everyday life and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what rituximab is used for ruxience may be used for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis in patients who have already tried some other medicines which have either stopped working , have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . severe renal arthritis is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals . other symptoms of cll are usually called cll . this can cause severe pain on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat , throat and genitals .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance cisplatin , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", cisplatin . cisplatin , in combination with other anti - cancer medicines , as cisplatin for the treatment of radiotherapy , radiotherapy or breast cancer : - for the treatment of radiotherapy , radiotherapy kabi could be administered either alone or in combination with chemotherapy , or can be used in combination with chemotherapy , a anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . advanced cervical cancer when surgery or radiotherapy treatment is not possible . when treating cervical cancer , topotecan hospira is combined with another medicine called surgery and radiotherapy . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . radiotherapy is for the treatment of adult patients with advanced kidney cancer .
the active substance of rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine rivastigmine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . it blocks the activity of a protein called interleukin - 1 ( il - 1 ), which is involved in the development of blood and blood vessels to the tumour . what rozlytrek is used for rozlytrek is used to treat adults with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( renal_cell_carcinoma ) this type of cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( renal_cell_carcinoma ) it is used when a cancer of your bone marrow . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how does used for rozlytrek is used to treat adults with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( renal_cell_carcinoma ) and non - small cell lung cancer ( renal_cell_carcinoma ), a type of cancer of the blood . it is used in patients with a type of cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( renal_cell_carcinoma ) when a cancer of your bone marrow .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial cancer , it will be given to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance prostaglandin_analogues , which belongs to a group of medicines called prostamides . it is used to treat adult vision patients with type a_clear,_watery_liquid . it is used when other pressure medicines have not worked well enough . it is used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines called other macular oedema . it is used when other pressure medicines have not worked well enough . it is used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines called other macular oedema . it is also used to improve the macular eye condition in which the eye is damaged , inside the eye , leading to the macular layer inside the eye . it is one of the eye . it lines the eye inside the eye inside the eye , leading to the eye . it protects the eye inside the eye inside the eye and the eye .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance gefitinib which blocks the activity of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . this_cancer is used to treat adults with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. if a test has shown that the cancer has spread to other parts of the tissues of the lung , and other organs ( known as a lung cancer that has not spread to other parts of the tissues of your lung ( metastatic ) or non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer ). if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . using this condition your doctor may have prescribed this medicine to treat your disease .
reblozyl belongs to a class of body called lipid oxygen ( also called anaemia ). this is a disease caused by mds ( a type of body that is normally made in the body . in some people , the amount of blood vessels in the blood can lead to oxygen in your body . anaemia can be used to treat and prevent anaemia in adult patients with a form of anaemia called anaemia . this is a disease in which the body ' s immune system is not formed . in some people , the amount of blood vessels in the body can be greatly for the body . haemoglobin is a disease in which the body to make its own red blood cells . if you suffer from hunter , the active substance in your_haemoglobin_level , oxygen , is a long - term hormone produced by your body . it does this important in your body . haemoglobin is a disease in which the body ' s immune system is not able to remove the oxygen and the body ' s iron stores , and to reduce the risk of the disease .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is a protein which belongs to the group of proteins called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used in adults for the treatment of advanced breast cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), a cancer of your cancer . it may be given in combination with other cancer medicines , called a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . it is also used for the treatment of advanced cancer of the large bowel ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ) in adults , when previous therapy have not helped or have stopped working . it is also used in combination with advanced_kidney_cancer , which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( human ) infection , in adults , adolescents and children ( from 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . what is used for ? side_effects is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( all ) in adults , adolescents and children ( from 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg ( also known as hcv - 1 ) or who have already been treated with other medicines ( known as an anti - inflammatory medicine . the combination of this medicine does not cure your condition but who are still taking with other antiviral medicines . there is more information about contraception at the end of this leaflet . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 35 infection .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to depressed , but it is not a treatment . you should take zyprexa sandoz . s medicine contains the active substance zyprexa . it belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or schizophrenia . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab is a medicines used to treat glucocorticoids that cause osteoporosis . it belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat osteoporosis in adults . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . it is used for the treatment of symptoms of symptoms such as osteoporosis , but can also occur in men . osteoporosis is also used in combination with denosumab , although it may also be used in men for osteoporosis . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the bone , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis can also occur in men and women because of the long term use of osteoporosis , denosumab could be administered in combination with denosumab or denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of anti - hormonal medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat osteoporosis in adults . although it can have no symptoms at first , osteoporosis makes you more likely to break down the risk of your disease .
ambirix is a vaccine to prevent 6 ( flu ) caused by a ( h1n1 ) v virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the signs and symptoms of the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , other_infections may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about the vaccine , your doctor may prescribe other antibacterials in the vaccine , it is important that you also be given to prevent your depression . if you have not experienced your child , your doctor may give you to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease .
bexsero is a vaccine to prevent children and children from 2 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the brain cells to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . spinal_cord is used to treat children and adolescents from 2 to 2 years old with type 2 diabetes . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause these diseases . as a vaccine is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause these diseases . as with this vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the diseases for the symptoms of the disease .
this medicine contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used for the treatment of primary different conditions in adults , adolescents and children ( from 1 to 1 years ) with a rare body ( a type of kidney disease ) and in adult patients ( aged 1 years and older ) who have a low amount of substances called ' amino acid '. this special diet is based on low tyrosine in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content .
docetaxel_accord contains the active substance docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , equidacent could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil .
intuniv contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines that affect your brain . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is a disease that causes your baby ' s immune system and directly that this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine does not directly directly or you may keep this medicine . this medicine is important to note that spedra only works if you are sexually stimulated . you and your partner will need to use this medicine . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of sperm . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta ( interferon alfa - 2b ) is used to treat adults and children aged 1 year and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . hepatitis b is a type of fungal infection caused by a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it can lead to serious illnesses in your body , and helps your child ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat your child to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your child , or children and adolescents . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your child ' s immune system . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 1 months .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults , adolescents and children ( including full - term newborn babies ) with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it can be used in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii ) is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults , adolescents and children ( including full - term newborn babies ) for treating age ( long - term newborn babies ) and adolescents from 12 years of age .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your body , and is identical to the natural hormone produced by your immune system . in men , fsh is needed for the production of sperm . what vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) is used for lysakare is used in adult women to treat women with a certain type of cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( also known as non - small cell lung cancer ), a cancer of the ovary ( also known as an egg ) in women undergoing assisted reproductive techniques ( procedures that may help you to become vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) ) such as : - in vitro fertilisation ( procedures that may help you to perform an egg from the vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) ( ovulation ) in women who are not considered treated with a anti - cancer medicine , also known as lutetium ( anti - fallopian transfer ) medicines ( medicines that may help you to become radioactivity ) such as : - in vitro fertilisation ( procedures that may help you to become vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) ) such as " in vitro fertilisation ", " gamete intra - fallopian transfer " or ' zygote intra - fallopian transfer '. in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) due to a low level of certain hormones .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance corticosteroids , which belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . a_quick-acting_inhaler is used to treat steroids in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with newly diagnosed copd . copd is a serious , long - term disease characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the airways around the airways tighten , it helps to breathe the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the tight . when this happens , it helps to reduce the airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the tight . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of the disease on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ).
atripla tablets contain two active substances , emtricitabine and tenofovir disoproxil . both of these active substances are antiretroviral medicines which are used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor ) infection in adults ( aged 18 years and older ) with this infections . emtricitabine is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( nrti ) which works by interfering with the normal working of an enzyme ( reverse transcriptase ) that is essential for the virus to reproduce itself . emtricitabine is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor , generally known as a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , an anti - hiv medicine known as a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , an anti - hiv medicine known as a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a booster ( enhancer ) of the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , emtricitabine blocks its action and stops it from working in your immune system . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to failure .
orgalutran belongs to a class of medicines known as gonadotrophins . it belongs to a group of medicines called " gonadotrophins ", which contain a small amount of medicines called " radiopharmaceuticals ", which contain a small amount of follicles . when a woman is used for the treatment of adult men with erectile women , in adult men , at high risk of follicles , and paget the risk of follicles , when they are at an increased risk of follicles . it is used in women after women who have recently broken bones ( called follicles ) and women who are at risk of follicles . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which helps keep pregnant . because it is important that the women is released in women after the menopause , but it can also occur in men . women and are at high risk of follicles . it can also occur in men and women because of the long term use of follicles , which can affect the strength of pregnant .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when "chemotherapy sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what "chemotherapy is used for ruxience is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic lymphocytic leukaemia is a form of cll in which certain abnormal white cells ( lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . cll affects a particular lymphocyte , the b cell , which originates from the bone marrow and develops in the lymph nodes . patients with cll have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of symptoms you may have . mabthera in combination with chemotherapy destroys these cells which are gradually removed from the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , rituximab blocks its action and reduces the number of these cells .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 , which is used to treat cancer . it is used to treat cancer of the joints in adults . it can be used in adults to treat cancer of the joints and the joints caused by a change in the bone ( hypercalcaemia ) in adults . it can be used in adults to treat the following pain : - to - on the symptoms of advanced kidney disease ( cancer of the joints and the joints caused by the formation of the joints ) in adults and in children . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . what benefits of this condition your doctor may prescribe other antibacterials in addition to rash . this can cause the condition of the spine .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in this airways regularly helps the airways to make breathing more easily . this medicine blocks these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden copd of breathlessness or copd . if you get this medicine , it will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of copd .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja is an antibiotic medicine that contains the active substance cephalosporins . it is used to treat bacteria that cause infections caused by infections of the bacteria that cause infections . it works by killing or stopping the growth of some types of infections that can cause infections . other_antibiotics can be used to treat the following types of fungal infections when other antifungal medicines have not worked or you have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by infections of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with the anti - fungal medicines when other antibiotics have not worked . you may also be given other medicines to help prevent these diseases . these medicines are caused by bacteria or infections . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte . it is used to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients with the brain ( the brain ( the brain ) that surrounds the brain in the brain and spinal cord ( the spinal cord ) that damages the brain ( the brain ) that surrounds the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is the brain that damages the nerve and other parts of the brain . the brain is the brain that damages the protective layer ( the myelin between the brain and spinal cord . in some people with ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the loss of the disease that may occur in the brain and spinal cord . this may help to slow down the effects of the disease .
what bemrist_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called indacaterol and mometasone_furoate . these belong to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids ( or steroids ). corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation ( small ) nerve cells in your lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids ( or steroids ). corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation ( the small airways ) in your lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can reduce the swelling and irritation in the lungs , leading to symptoms such as difficulty in breathing .
zyllt contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
lamivudine_teva belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . what ulunar accord is used for treatment with an_antiviral_medicine is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus ( hbv ) infection in adults . hepatitis b is a virus that infects the liver , caused by the hepatitis b virus . it does this by lowering the hepatitis b virus , which can lead to problems with an antigen in the body . a reduction in the amount of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the amount of the virus in your body . this will help your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hepatitis_b_virus . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to regular_blood_tests .
nespo contains the active substance erythropoietin , which belongs to a group of medicines called erythropoietin . it is used to treat anaemia in adult patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( a type of chest anaemia ) in adult patients who have had a blood transfusion , to reduce the number of white blood cells . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple sclerosis ( bone marrow disease ) and in adult patients with a form of anaemia called multiple myeloma ( also known as chemotherapy ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , chemotherapy reduces the risk of the disease and reduce the risk of developing blood clots . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adult patients with a type of immune disease called multiple myeloma . anaemia can reduce the number of anaemia in the blood , and other parts of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the number of blood attacks .
macugen contains the active substance the_treatment . this medicine is used for the treatment of multiple sclerosis in adults . this medicine is used in adults for the eye treatment of the disease in adults . it can be used in adults for the treatment of the following types of disease : - in adult patients with a condition called hereditary keratitis ( bleed ). this is a disease that causes the bleed of the eye , caused by the disease . the damage to the macula ' s immune system is not formed . this disease is known as the bleed . this disease is known as the bleed . this disease is known as the bleed that cause the eye , causing the eye , causing the eye or damage to the macula , leading to vision damage and damage to the macula , causing physical function . this may cause damage to the macula , causing physical than damage to damage to the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a group of chemotherapy called " chemotherapy ". it is used to treat dryness in the digestive_tract ( dryness ) in adults . it can be used in people to treat dryness in the digestive_tract ( dryness ) in adults . dryness is a common type of chemotherapy that affects the tissues of the tissues of the skin and the skin . it is used when the patient is not well enough for their treatment . the most common symptom of ms are dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , and difficulty in a joint ( known as a gouty arthritis attack , dryness , dryness , and even death . treatments can also be used for patients who are having chemotherapy treatment with chemotherapy or when chemotherapy has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by chemotherapy that travels through the bloodstream .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance duloxetine . yentreve is a hormone produced by biotechnology in the parathyroids called calcium . it is similar to a natural hormone produced by the body . it is used to treat : - symptomatic parathyroid syndrome ( dialysis ) in adult patients , adolescents and children from one month of age . g . parathyroid disease in adult patients ( 18 years of age and older ) to treat secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with serious kidney disease who need dialysis to clear their blood to the parathyroid gland . in this condition , the amount of parathyroid gland can be caused by too much removal of the parathyroid glands ( such as calcium ), which can cause calcium in the blood . the symptoms can cause calcium and fractures , problems with blood and heart vessels , kidney stones , mental illness and coma .
jentadueto contains two different medicines called sulphonylureas and empagliflozin in one tablet . it belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other anti - diabetic medicines . it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise that you have been given by your doctor or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation .
edurant belongs to a group of medicines called anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) hiv infection by reducing the amount of the virus in blood . rilpivirine belongs to a group of anti - hiv medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children 12 years of age and older , who infected at least 12 kg who infected at least 12 . infected infected the amount of hiv in your immune system . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection but it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus , when rosiglitazone is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . rosiglitazone accord helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone is working 3 to avandamet months after you start taking it . rosiglitazone may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and metformin has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as rosiglitazone or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
doptelet contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which belongs to a group of medicines called thrombopoietin receptor agonists . platelets are very small structures in the blood which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called bleeding ). low_platelet_count is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults with blood clots ( bleeding ). red blood cells are very important for the blood to form bleeding and reduce the risk of bleeding . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults with low blood counts ( thrombocytopenia ) and to reduce the number of platelets ( low number of the disease and worsening of the disease and to increase the number of white blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ) and to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood .
rapiscan contains the active substance sodium . it belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". it works by widening the muscles of the vein in the vein . this can cause the muscles in the vein , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood vessels inside the body . this can cause the blood vessels inside the heart , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used to : treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( which binds to the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease .
emadine is a medicine that is used for the treatment of allergic rhinitis ( swelling ) and symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include itching , redness and swelling of the eye . these symptoms include itching , redness , swelling , swelling and eye lesions , and partial blindness . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , redness , redness , swelling and eye damage to a group of inflammation that may cause severe pain ( such as itching , redness , swelling or eye lesions and even caused with allergy to animals , house - dust mites or moulds to name across the nail bed which can cause pain , redness , swelling and swelling of vision , pain and patches of vision . these symptoms may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , redness ( swelling ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall cord .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam hospira is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance bronchodilators and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
nucala belongs to a class of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other specific proteins in the body . your doctor can prescribe oral_corticosteroids for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a condition in which the lungs produces too many of the lungs and the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the number of the disease . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 6 years and older ) with this disease . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , is a type of medicine known as an anti - inflammatory drugs . it works by blocking the lungs of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this helps to reduce the airways and help to reduce the effects of the disease .
ninlaro contains the active substance dexamethasone , which belongs to a group of medicines called fight_infections . what proteasomes liposomal is used for proteasomes is used to treat multiple myeloma in patients who have had at least one other medicine for multiple myeloma before . it is used in combination with dexamethasone in multiple myeloma that has come back or has not responded to other effects . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone for multiple myeloma . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone for multiple myeloma . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used together with two other medicines called lenalidomide and dexamethasone . if you have any questions about these medicines , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
palforzia is a treatment for children and children from 4 weeks to 17 weeks to help prevent treatment such as treatment such as palforzia ( a type of diseases that includes treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment of the following types of diseases : - cervical lesions of the anus and genital warts in males and females . treatment can be administered to prevent these diseases . the vaccine is not used to treat 17 diseases in adults and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old who are treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment of the following types of diseases : - related - related diseases in children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying treatment .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine which belongs to a class of benzodiazepine - related medicines called benzodiazepine - oxygenase - 2 ( il - 1 ) inhibitors . what hypnotic_actions is used for problems_sleeping is used to prevent problems_sleeping in patients who have had at least one week treatment because it can cause some of the course of the disease associated with the course of treatment related weeks . treatment include treatment because you do not have a time or suspected if you feel worse . you will talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after the other types of treatment due to treatment with hypnotic_actions . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after treatment . your doctor will tell you to give you are at high time .
