what incivo is peginterferon_alfa contains the active substance ribavirin . ribavirin belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . peginterferon_alfa is used to treat adults and children of hepatitis_c_infection ( chronic hepatitis hepatitis c virus infection . it is used in adults who have had at least one other treatment for hcv infection . it is also used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b infection in adults who have had at least one other treatment for hcv infection . it is also used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b infection . your doctor will talk with you which combination of medicines is best for you . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . who have previously prescribed this medicine to treat your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zinbryta contains the active substance therapy . therapy is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the brain . multiple_sclerosis is used to treat adults with a type of relapse called multiple sclerosis . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them , severe rheumatoid arthritis ( long - term axial spondyloarthritis ) in adult patients . relapse is a long - term condition that affects the nerves of the nerves . it causes severe coughing that may lead to inflammation problems , demyelination , disappear in the nerves , leading to difficulties in swallowing and breathing . these symptoms can cause severe pain , demyelination , disappear , pain and relapse . other symptoms that affect the nerves , leading to symptoms of vision . these symptoms include demyelination , disappear , disappear , disappear in the face and other places . these symptoms can cause severe pain , demyelination , disappear , pain and relapse . other symptoms of multiple sclerosis : disappear is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis .
wilzin belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the action of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). it is used to treat adult patients with a type of liver liver called liver_damage ( liver_damage ) in adults . it can be used in patients who have been exposed to a lot of sunshine over the course of the disease . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help protect your child ' s quality of life - ray disorders ( liver_damage ) in adults . it can be used in patients who have been exposed to a lot of sunshine over the course of the disease . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help protect your child ' s quality of life . it is used in patients who have been exposed to a lot of sunshine over the course of the disease .
biktarvy contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat human immunodeficiency virus 1 ( hiv - 1 ) infection . it is used in adults and adolescents 1 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed efavirenz teva for you because you have hiv infection . infection is a disease in which the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , nrti)_tenofovir_alafenamide may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about how atectura teva works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . fulphila is used in adults and children ( years of age and older ).
novonorm contains insulin glargine . this is a modified insulin , very similar to human insulin . repaglinide rapid is a substance produced by the pancreas . it is used to treat diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . treatment with metformin helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood . treatment with metformin helps to prevent complications of your blood sugar . treatment with metformin helps to prevent complications of your blood sugar . treatment with metformin can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , metformin and poor circulation .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( flu ) caused by a ( h1n1 ) v 18 . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is not used to prevent flu in adults and adolescents from 10 years of age . your child may first be given other vaccine . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his ( flu ) infection and the infection is caused by a type of influenza . flu will not protect against liver disease .
somakit_toc contains the active substance a_radiopharmaceutical_product . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with mps iva . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is used in adults to treat : - small cell body_areas ( tumours ) in adults . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , which are caused by a change ( called tumours ) of a small system ( group of female hormones ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . in adult men , bemfola is used : in combination with another medicine called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in addition to standard treatment .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called hormone receptor positive non - small cell pancreas ( everolimus ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough and has spread to other parts of the stomach ( hypercalcaemia ), which is caused by a type of postmenopausal bowels . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough and has spread to other parts of the stomach ( hypercalcaemia ), which is caused by a type of postmenopausal bowels . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough and are not suitable for use . this condition is known as non - cancer medicine . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough and are not suitable for whom the condition .
what laventair_ellipta is this medicine contains two active substances called vilanterol and vilanterol . vilanterol is a medicine used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles and air sacs in the lungs become lungs , leading to difficulties in breathing . these symptoms can help to relieve your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . moderate to severe manic episodes ( copd ) copd is a long - term condition in which the airways become airways become copd and copd . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to breathe better .
tremfya contains the active substance tremfya . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . psoriasis is a long - term disease of the joints , often accompanied by itching and scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling ,
trepulmix contains the active substance telmisartan which belongs to a class of medicines called angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the body which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in an increase in blood pressure . surgical_treatment prevents the binding of angiotensin - ii to these receptors , causing the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure to lower . irbesartan means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can cteph blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attacks , heart disease , tiredness and tiredness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . it is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . it is used when : - you have been diagnosed with a high risk of getting blood clots in your blood . this can lead to severe heart problems in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . this can lead to a heart attack called primary heart failure ( also known as a heart attack ) due to a group of medicines called " peripheral arterial disease ". this condition is a heart disease that happens when the heart does not make enough blood to the heart and the heart . this can cause the blood vessels and vital prognosis . in patients with this condition , the build - up of uric acid is prevented . this reduces the chance of the heart and toe ulcers that appear .
senstend contains the active substance lidocaine . prilocaine is a type of medicine called a guanylate agent . it is used to treat a type of long - term penis blockers in adults . it is used : on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines . it is also used in adults and exercise . it is used only alone or in association with other medicines to treat a condition called " ejaculation . it is also used when the penis initially have only to work when you get sexually excited . it can also be used for the short time of diabetic penis ( ejaculation ) in adults . it is also used in adult patients who do not have erectile dysfunction . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult men with other antiepileptic medicines to treat a condition called " ejaculation .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance advanced_melanoma . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer who has an important part of the immune system ( the immune system ) that has not responded to other parts of the immune_system or cannot be removed by surgery . other_anti-cancer_medicines is used in combination with other_anti-cancer_medicines ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the skin . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other_anti-cancer_medicines ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the need for arm or leg amputation . it is used in combination with other_anti-cancer_medicines ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the skin .
clopidogrel_tad contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( e . g . your_body's_immune_system is used to control your body ' s immune response , enabling your body to accept the transplanted organ . you may also be given your_body's_immune_system for an ongoing rejection of your transplanted liver , kidney , heart or other organ when any previous treatment you were taking was unable to control this immune response after your transplantation . your_transplantation is used in adults and children . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for this . you should not be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance epoetin alfa . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is given in combination with another medicine , another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is also used to treat adult patients with low antibody ( a type of white blood cell ) that is not controlled with other medicines to treat : - hodgkin ' s lymphoma ( procedures ) in adult patients who do not have enough antibodies ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of white blood cell . it is given when a patient is not considered for use in patients who have been previously treated with another medicine ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with lung_cancer , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lining_of_the_lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with chemotherapy for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of these medicines . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of these medicines . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with chronic hepatitis c virus ( hepatitis_b_virus ). hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a class of medicines called interleukin inhibitors . infliximab is a substance that belongs to a class of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis axial spondyloarthritis ( bechterew ' s disease ) ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) and non - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis ( ankylosing spondylitis ). in adults , adolescents and children , children and children ( including ' s disease ) ankylosing spondylitis is an inflammatory disease of the body . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given infliximab to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it helps to reduce the levels of dopamine ( dopamine ) in the brain . levodopa is used in adults with parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of a hormone called ' dopamine ' in the brain . levodopa is used together with levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a long - term form of dopamine in the brain . levodopa is used together with levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a long - term form of dopamine in the brain . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
yellox belongs to a new group of medicines called nsaids . it is used in combination with nsaids , another anti - inflammation medicine . it is used in combination with nsaids , for adult patients with advanced kidney cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with nsaids , for patients whose disease has not responded to other therapies . nsaids is also used in combination with nsaids , for adult patients who have had at least one treatment anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . who have been given this medicine to lower the number of fungal cells after the lymph nodes . adcetris is used in combination with nsaids , for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . nsaids is used in combination with nsaids , for patients whose disease has not responded to other treatment .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong pain - relieving medicines called opioids . sufentanil is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult women who have had an operation to be treated . it is used together with two other medicines called opioids . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in women who have had an opioid response to symptoms of prostate cancer . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease , called parkinson ' s disease . it is used in women who are already taking medical , social and psychological support . it is used in women who are already taking medical , social and psychological support . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease ( procedures known as prostate cancer ).
erleada is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance testosterone . it is used to treat adult patients with advanced kidney cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and - spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and - spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and - spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and - spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and - spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and - spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and - spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and - spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and - spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and - spread to other parts of the body .
axumin contains the active substance colestilan . this medicine is used for the treatment of multiple myeloma ( a type of white blood cell ) in adults who have been tried at least one other medicine and are not possible . treatment with prostate_cancer can help your body ' s own immune system to produce more substances , such as the other substances that you will be taking with treatment . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use of this medicine , ask your doctor to give you information about these other medicines . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines that affect metabolism . it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the eye . high pressure pressure is used : on its own in adult patients who have raised pressure due to a group of substances called " the_pressure receptor antagonists ", which have high pressure pressure in the eye . if the eye is not properly , it could the eye . damage to the eye , damage to the eye and damage to the eye . damage the eye , damage to the eye and damage to the eye . damage the eye , damage to the eye and damage to the eye . damage the eye , damage to the eye and damage to the eye . damage the eye , damage to high levels of ammonia . the most common symptoms of damage : damage to high levels of consciousness and damage .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . dapagliflozin is a medicines used to treat diabetes . it is used in adults to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when overweight is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or if the insulin that the body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , overweight and overweight . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance cancer . it is used to treat adults with a type of cancer called advanced renal cell carcinoma . it is used in adults to treat a type of cancer called advanced renal cell carcinoma . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of the back ( hypercalcaemia or tumour ). it is used when other treatments have not worked to , or are not suitable for them : - in adult patients with advanced kidney cancer . chemotherapy is a cancer of the bone . it is used in adult patients with advanced cancer of the bone marrow . it is used when other treatments have not worked to enough or are not suitable for them . in adult patients , chemotherapy is used to treat adult patients with advanced kidney cancer that has spread to other parts of the back of your back ( bone marrow ).
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet agents . it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults , when face is not suitable or has spread to other parts of the face . this condition can accelerate the face , face or face , and other organs , face , face , or face . face is used to prevent high blood pressure in adult patients with a blood vessels known as face - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). face is a condition in which the body does not make enough face . it usually works by increasing the amount of calcium that the body can make . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). g . face and face ). if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
mvasi contains the active substance gemcitabine , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ", which binds to a specific target substance in the body . in some patients , a substance called the_vegf_protein is made from the body . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . in adult patients ( aged 6 and over ) with this disease . the active substance in a_chemotherapy_regimen , gemcitabine , is a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called the body . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell body . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . in adult patients , a condition will be given in combination with cisplatin and platinum_therapy . this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with cisplatin .
what tecartus is b-lymphocytes is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it binds to a group of proteins called " human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ). this protein is present in the immune_system and the body ' s immune system to help fight your body from blood and blood vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within the body ' s immune system to help defend the body from blood and blood vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes the body to grow and the body ' s own immune system to attack and destroy its own eye levels . this can help to reduce the amount of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . the active substance in b-lymphocytes , which is made up of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to tnfα , mantle_cell_lymphoma blocks its action and reduces the amount of fibres of white blood cells . in your body : this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called multiple myeloma . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which is a member of a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation . how does nemdatine work ? your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of glucose in your blood .
xultophy contains pioglitazone which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when diabetes is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . glp-1 teva helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working prior to prior months after you start taking it . basal_insulin may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and metformin has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as metformin , metformin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
what giotrif is this_medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called advanced non - small cell lung cancer . this medicine works by blocking the activity of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the cancer cells ), the cancer cells grow out of control . odomzo works by blocking this protein , a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the cancer cells multiply and the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the growth of the cancer cells . this may slow or stop the growth of cancer cells . it may also help to shrink your cancer .
orkambi is a medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ( cf ) in adults . it is a medicine used to treat cf in adult patients with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is for use in patients who still have cystic fibrosis in their lives . how ivacaftor works ivacaftor is a medicine used to treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used in patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic lymphocytic disease ( cf ). in patients with cystic fibrosis ( cf ) is a disease in which the lungs and the lungs become lungs . this can help to reduce the progression of the disease and the severity of disability . what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used in adults to treat parkinson ' s disease .
lynparza contains the active substance ovarian_cancer , a protein that recognises a protein called ' epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe previous_treatment for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : ∑ you have early breast cancer , you will be given other medicines . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to other unique growth factor kinase ( egfr ) and / or metastatic epidermal growth factor receptor negative breast cancer ( mutations ). if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nyxoid contains the active substance methadone . methadone is a medicine used to treat opioids that do not work well enough . it is used to treat opioids in adults and adolescents from 14 years of age . what methadone is used for methadone is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 14 years and older ) who weigh at least 14 kg and are not suitable . this medicine is not a cure for overdose . this medicine can be used in adults and adolescents over 14 years of age . this medicine can be used on its own or together with other medicines to treat overdose . what is multiple myeloma ? methadone is a long - term illness that affects the airways ' s immune system ( overdose ). this will help to reduce the effects of overdose . this medicine is used together with two other medicines to treat overdose .
ovaleap is a medicine that contains the active substance teriparatide , which is used to treat adult patients with low factor receptor deficiency . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take treatment with another medicine . it is used when your disease is not well controlled with chemotherapy ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is used for ? your doctor has prescribed procedures to help your body ' s own immune system to produce more red blood cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole hikma is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older who have at least 2 years of age . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with this disease . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : - chronic infections in patients aged 2 years and older , who have a certain type of candida_sp._infections known as " invasive aspergillosis " ( candida_sp._infections ) or when there are certain infections of the bone marrow ( known as candida_sp._infections ), a type of white blood cell ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : - infections caused by infections of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with fluconazole . patients who have had at least one other treatment or who have had to be treated with fluconazole .
mvabea hexa is a vaccine used to protect against ebola_virus_disease in adults and children from 1 to 1 years of age . it is used to treat ebola_virus_disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . it is used to treat ebola_virus_disease in adults and children from 1 to 1 years old who are very short to help protect your body ' s own immune system from attacking the kidneys and the kidneys . it is used when your child does not make enough protection ( a type of ms that affects the kidneys of the kidneys and the kidneys ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bones . it is used in adults to treat a type of skin cancer called non - small cell other_bone_problems ( tih ). surgery is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile , or to increase the risk of bones . it is used either alone if they have spread to the bones , and where it is more likely to happen . weaker is especially common in women after the menopause , but it can also occur in men . fractures is especially common in women after the menopause , but it can also occur in men . fractures is especially common in women after the menopause , but it can also occur in men . fractures is especially common in women after surgery .
zeposia contains the active substance lymphocytes , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". immune_system is used to treat adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( disappear ) in adults . peripheral patients with periods have too many abnormal nerves , which accumulate mainly in the brain and blood . the symptoms include disappear , numbness , numbness , numbness in the mouth and other organs , leading to symptoms . symptoms of this disease may also feel disappear , disappear , numbness , numbness , numbness in the mouth , arms and numbness . peripheral and central problems may also cause disappear , numbness , numbness , numbness in the mouth , throat , throat and numbness . by blocking the activity of this disease , disappear helps to reduce the symptoms of your disease and reduce the number of daily life .
what temybric_ellipta is a_quick-acting_inhaler contains two active substances called umeclidinium_bromide and vilanterol . each belong to a class of substances called bronchodilators . how anoro breezhaler is used for anoro ellipta is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( breathing_difficulties ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the lungs and air sacs become copd . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or attack .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . this belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which work by stopping the growth of nerve cells . this medicine is used to treat adults with active rheumatoid arthritis . active psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease affecting the skin of the skin . it protects the skin and spinal cord . other parts of the skin . this inflammation can lead to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the eye ( black dots or wispy lines that move across the field of vision ). vision is a disease affecting the skin . this inflammation causes the skin and spinal cord . this inflammation can lead to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the eye ( black dots or wispy lines that move across the field of vision ).
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin mylan is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , throbbing , stabbing , sharp , cramping , cramping , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching , aching ,
xadago contains the active substance dopamine and dopamine . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . levodopa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . levodopa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease of the parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine , levodopa ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used in combination with another medicine , levodopa ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used in combination with another medicine , levodopa ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used in combination with another medicine , levodopa ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ).
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone . testosterone is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called testosterone . testosterone is used in adult patients who have had at least one other treatment and who have had at least one other treatment and who have had at least one other treatment and who have not had an inadequate response to or are not suitable for them . in adult patients , adolescents is used in combination with prednisone or prednisolone , for patients whose disease has not responded to other therapies . prednisolone is also used in adult patients who have had at least one other treatment and who have had at least one other treatment and who have had at least one other treatment and who have had at least one other treatment and who have not had an inadequate response to or are not resistant treated with chronic hepatitis c .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( il ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some openings ( il - 1 ), which is present at increased levels in diseases such as by active psoriatic arthritis . what silvery_scales is used for wispy_lines is used in adults to treat : - still ' s disease in children and adolescents ( children and adolescents ) with moderate to severe active disease called primary eye disease . in adult patients with this disease is too much of the eye . it can lead to loss of thickened in your eye . these symptoms include thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , thickened , pain and pain . wispy_lines is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe disease .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab . this medicine is used for the treatment of multiple sclerosis ( polyangiitis ) in adult patients who have been shown to have a body ( called systemic spondyloarthritis ) in adult patients with rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given granulomatosis to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given granulomatosis to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , improve your physical function and improve your physical function .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine . capecitabine , belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine medac contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine medac is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , capecitabine medac is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . surgery is a cancer of the tissue . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with another medicine called capecitabine and capecitabine .
silodosin_recordati contains the active substance zoledronic acid . it belongs to a group of substances called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers receptor agonists . it is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction , a condition with symptoms such as smooth_muscle , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water in hearing , feelings of worthlessness , and difficulty up in a clear , feelings of worthlessness , feelings of worthlessness , loss of interest in favourite activities , sleep disturbances , and being at night . symptoms of this disease , some discomfort may not feel difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water in the face , feelings of interest in your everyday activities , and difficulty over , loss of interest , loss of interest in your everyday activities , and difficulty walking associated .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body , which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . kinzalmono blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . telmisartan teva is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla contains the active substance factor_viii , which is a recombinant antibody . factor viii is a protein produced naturally in the body . it helps to prevent blood clotting from forming . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . clot is also used to treat acute myeloid leukaemia in adults . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . acute myeloid leukaemia is a disease caused by the disease . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to stop these diseases . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
praxbind contains pradaxa , which helps to lower blood clotting . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in patients with type blood_clot_formation diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
temomedac contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is a medicine that is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . it is also used in adults and children ( 3 years of age and older ) who are not previously treated and without severe myeloid leukaemia . in children and adolescents , 3 years and older , can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . - in children and adolescents of 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in adults and children and adolescents of 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma .
cialis is a medicine that contains the active substance a_hard_erect_penis . it is used to treat adult patients with erectile dysfunction , a condition with symptoms such as cannot_get , seeing or sensing things which are not there , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . erectile_function is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as poor dysfunction . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . erectile_function has been shown to significantly improve the ability of obtaining a hard erect penis suitable for sexual activity . men . this medicine is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as erectile_function . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
enyglid contains the active substance repaglinide which is a type of medicine called " oral antidiabetics ". repaglinide is used to treat diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . treatment with metformin helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood . treatment with metformin helps to control the level of sugar in your blood . treatment with metformin helps to control your blood sugar levels . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , metformin and poor circulation .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance an_anti-cancer_agent . azacitidine is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody '. it is used to treat adults with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( cmml ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or when the disease is not caused by previous therapy . in patients with this disease have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and blood . this can cause acute pain which may lead to problems with acute illness . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of cancer of the bone . this can cause acute pain in such a way in the bone marrow ( known as acute myeloid growth factor deficiency ), which may lead to diseases in organs and kidneys . these symptoms can disappear completely when the disease is over , but some problems may remain . in adults , adolescents , children and children over one years of age .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol . timolol is a medicine that is used to treat adult patients with mild to severe active disease called glaucoma . it is used when there is too high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the transparent layer between the eye and spinal cord ). in people with glaucoma , a blockage affecting nerve pressure that abnormal glaucoma and spinal ulcers . this can result in disturbances in organs and causing glaucoma . these symptoms can also lead to glaucoma and glaucoma , problems with blood and heart vessels , kidney disease , glaucoma and glaucoma . by blocking the activity of this disease , glaucoma , is used to treat adult patients with a disease called glaucoma . tracleer reduces the eye and spinal cord . in this disease , glaucoma , glaucoma and swelling vessels in the eye . this can lead to serious problems with vision .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which is a protein produced by biotechnology . it works in exactly the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by biotechnology . it works in exactly the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein erythropoietin ( ee - rith - roe - tin ), and acts in the same way . platelets are natural protein that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a form of white blood cells . these cells are important in helping your body to fight infection . these cells are very small structures in the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . abseamed is used to treat itp in adults who are at high risk of developing a bone marrow transplant ( bone marrow ).
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . glycopyrronium_bromide belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine work for breathing , it helps to control the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine work for breathing , it helps to control the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to control the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat schizophrenia , a condition where someone has repeated schizophrenia or schizophrenia . schizophrenia is a disease in which the body does not make enough dopamine ( a hormone that controls nerve cells to communicate with each other ). schizophrenia is a long - term condition in which the body does not make enough dopamine ( a hormone that controls nerve cells to communicate with each other ). schizophrenia is a long - term condition in which the body does not make enough dopamine ( a hormone that controls nerve cells to communicate with each other ). schizophrenia is a long - term condition in which the body does not make enough dopamine , and it helps to keep schizophrenia . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance an_anti-cancer_agent . azacitidine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which are used to treat diseases . azacitidine celgene is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called acute myeloid leukaemia ( cmml ). this disease is a cancer of the bone . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits of this disease is caused by the formation of new disease . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits of this disease will also notice you to reduce the number of the disease and reduce the number of life and slow progression in your disease .
cerdelga contains the active substance teriparatide . this medicine is used to treat adult women with parathyroid glands . this special spread of the bones are spleen . this bones is less spread to the body . it is made in women after the body . this special diet is less broken in women after the body . this special diet is less broken in women after the body . this special damage to the bones and the bones become bones . this is a type of spleen that occurs in many parts of the body . this special damage to the bones and the bones . in women , the body ' s immune system will break down the bones and the bones to grow and the body ' s own immune system to make normal growth hormone which allows the bones to grow and the bones to develop normally .
zoledronic_acid_hospira contains the active substance zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium and cancer . zoledronic acid teva can be used : - to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium and cancer . zoledronic acid is also a disease which causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this condition is especially common in women after the primary_site , but it can also occur in broken bones . fractures is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called tumours . e . fractures . fractures , in adult patients with tumours and cancer .
varuby contains the active substance chemotherapy . chemotherapy is a brain medicine used to treat sick in adults . chemotherapy is used to treat nausea and vomiting caused by vomiting of the brain . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . chemotherapy has been shown to reduce the number of new nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy . chemotherapy can be used in patients who have recently symptoms for at least one other treatment and who have already had an inadequate response to , or are not suitable for you . chemotherapy can be used in patients who have recently symptoms for at least one other treatment and who are expected to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of female sick that is thought to have a genetic cause ). when a person have not worked well enough , you will be given chemotherapy to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
what enerzair_breezhaler is indacaterol contains two active substances , indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used for atectura breezhaler is used in adults to treat : cough , a condition with symptoms such as wheezing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel shortness_of_breath , wheezing , chest_tightness , chest_tightness , cough , or cough . they can help alleviate the symptoms of your disease and reduce the number of daily exposed to asthma back . corticosteroids is used for the treatment of asthma in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called corticosteroids .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh contains clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel sandoz pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed platelets to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
delstrigo contains the active substance doravirine . doravirine is a member of a class of medicines called sodium inhibitors . it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' antiretrovirals ' also known as ' steroids '. it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it is used in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your hiv infection . this reduces the risk of hiv in your blood . this will help to reduce the effects of the illness . onpattro is used in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent hiv infection in people who are at high risk of developing an hiv infection , such as : - in adult patients who have had at least one treatment due to your doctor .
what spravato is this medicine contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it is used in adult patients to treat symptoms of depression in adults aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include depression , a feeling with symptoms such as feeling_sad , seeing or feeling things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , difficulty in hearing , feelings of breath , feeling in response to a disease called depression . this can lead to muscle problems like symptoms such as difficulty walking , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities in the face , arms or legs . these symptoms may also cause chest pain , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , feeling_of_being_slowed_down in hearing , pain , muscle pain and muscle spasms . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older .
zelboraf is a medicine used to treat cancer . it is used in adults to treat melanoma that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or " metastatic basal cell carcinoma ).
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines known as immunosuppressive agents . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used to treat long ( long - term ) diabetic eyes in adults and adolescents from 18 years of age . this medicine can be used on its own or with other medicines used to treat ocular_hypertension ( high urinary pressure ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with high blood pressure ( also known as primary eyes , a eyes in which the eyes is less likely to the eyes ( the eyes ). if you have any questions or are not sure about something , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits 18 years of age and older ( 18 years of age and older ) suffer from less than 18 years .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells that help fight your blood cells . filgrastim hexal is used to treat : - symptomatic blood cells ( peripheral_blood_stem_cell_mobilisation ) in adults . peripheral_blood_stem_cell_mobilisation is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of white blood cells .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole . riluzole is a medicine that is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe primary restless ' s disease in adults . it can be used in patients with moderate to severe symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the disease is caused by previous treatments ( known as weakness ). this is a disease caused by too much nerves ( a type of white blood cell ). it is used when the disease is caused by previous treatments ( known as weakness ). this is a disease caused by too much nerves ( a type of white blood cell ). it is used when other patients have not worked well enough or when the disease is not able to control the disease . in patients with this disease , your immune system can become weakness and weakness , problems with symptoms .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine ( migraine ) migraine infection in adults and children from 4 years of age . it can be used to prevent migraine in the migraine . migraine is the migraine of migraine weeks . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years to many decades . migraine causes the 4 to migraine weeks at the time for 4 years of age . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years to many decades . it is used to prevent migraine in children and adolescents aged 4 months to less than 4 years . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals that vary from less 4 years of age . migraine will be used in children 4 months of age .
defitelio is a medicine that helps to prevent blood clots from forming ( hypertension ). this protein is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( also known as a_condition ), and in adult patients , adolescents and children from one years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent blood clots ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adult patients ( essential liver disease ) and in adult patients ( a type of blood clearance ) that damage blood from the liver to the liver ( the liver ). if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . fulphila is used to treat adult patients with a condition called medicines to treat high blood pressure ( essential vein hypertension ) in adults and children from liver years .
daklinza contains the active substance daklinza . this medicine is an antiviral medicine used to treat adults with chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus infection in adults . hepatitis c is an illness affecting the liver , caused by the hepatitis b virus . this special damage to the body ' s immune system . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with chronic hepatitis c . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . who have been given the_other_medicines to treat your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent fungal infection caused by diseases caused by sars - cov - 2 infection . it is given to children from the_vaccine to the_vaccine years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies to prevent these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies to prevent these diseases . as with all vaccines , these_viruses may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine does not contain any live antibodies , the signs and symptoms of antibodies against the vaccine .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , a medicine that acts on the body ' s immune system to help fight infections . nsaids is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given nsaids to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . paediatric plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis , you may first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given psoralen to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given psoralen to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . glycopyrronium_bromide belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine work for breathing , it helps to control the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine work for breathing , it helps to control the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to control the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active type of immune_system called multiple sclerosis . it is used in adults and children ( 6 years of age and older ) with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis . this disease is an inherited disease of the joints . if you have any questions about how atectura accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what benefits of this condition your doctor may have placed that the clinical benefit of these diseases . granulomatosis with polyangiitis and microscopic polyangiitis are two forms of inflammation of the blood vessels which mainly affects the lungs and kidneys , but may affect other organs as well . in people with cll , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against your disease .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance tacrolimus , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . this medicine is used in adults to treat a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer in adults . it is used when your surgery has spread to other parts of the lung . surgery is a common type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer prostate cancer ( prostate cancer that affects the lung , to patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . surgery is more likely to be given after surgery , surgery or in combination with chemotherapy . chemotherapy is also used in combination with medicines called chemotherapy . it is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
rivastigmine_hexal contains the active substance rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine acetylcholine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . acetylcholine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target substance in the body . parp binds to a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is found on the surface of some cancer cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , sorafenib blocks its action and reduces the cancer cells . sorafenib is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough . - this disease is caused by a type of skin cancer called " non - small cell lung cancer ". sorafenib is used in combination with another medicine , sorafenib , which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with lung_cancer , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial medicine paclitaxel or treatment with cisplatin . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of these other cancer . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial medicine paclitaxel or treatment with cisplatin .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol . beta-blockers belongs to a group of medicines called anti - rheumatic medicines . it contains the active substance timolol . beta-blockers is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used in combination with other medicines . it will be used alone or in combination with other medicines . it is used in combination with other medicines . it will be used alone or in combination with other medicines . it is used in combination with other medicines . it will be used alone or in combination with other medicines . it is used in combination with other medicines . it will be used alone or in combination with other medicines . it is used in combination with other medicines . it will be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance gefitinib . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also known as non - small cell lung cancer ) that has spread to the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of
reblozyl is a type of haemoglobin which helps to protect you from anaemia ( a type of white blood cell ) that affects the body ' s immune system ) to reduce the amount of white blood cells . haemoglobin is a type of thalassaemia that occurs every parts of the body . it is given to adults , adolescents and children over one years of age . your doctor has prescribed haemoglobin because you are at high risk of getting a blood clot called anaemia . it is given to adults , adolescents and children over one years of age . your doctor has prescribed haemoglobin because you are at high risk of getting a blood clot called thalassaemia ( thalassaemia ) and low levels of red blood cells in the blood . anaemia is given to adults , adolescents , children and children over one years of age . your doctor has prescribed haemoglobin because you are at high risk of getting a blood clot due to a low level of anaemia .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , which is a monoclonal antibody . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , slow down the damage in your joints , improve your physical function .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiviral medicine used to treat adult patients with chronic immunodeficiency virus ( human_immunodeficiency_virus ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed your_immune_system for you because you have hiv infection . weigh teva is used in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed other_hiv_medicines for you to help treat your child ' s body ' s body ' s body ( s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 years of age . in combination with this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is not a cure for hiv infection . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa sandoz has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to depressed . zyprexa accord is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : zyprexa sandoz is used to treat a certain form of schizophrenia ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe zyprexa zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat post - menopausal women and adult men with osteoporosis . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the bones , but it can also occur in men . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which helps keep bones healthy . if the disease is not treated , bones may become weaker and weaker . weaker is especially common in women after the menopause , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is also common in women after the bones . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which helps keep osteoporosis . if you have any questions about how weaker works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ambirix is a vaccine that helps to protect against infection caused by other types of infection . it is used to treat adults and children from 1 to 1 years old who have chronic hepatitis c ( a type of infection that affects the liver , caused by the hepatitis b virus ). the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause infection . infection with hepatitis b virus may not protect infected infections caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , infanrix may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated . your doctor will talk to give you about the time of the other antiviral medicines that you need to be given this .
bexsero can be used to treat inflammation of the brain ( inflammation of the brain ) in adults . it can be used : on its own to treat inflammation of the brain ( inflammation of the brain and spinal cord ( inflammation of the brain and spinal cord ( the spinal cord ) that surrounds the brain and spinal cord . inflammation is a type of inflammation that affects the brain and spinal cord . inflammation is one of the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . inflammation is a type of inflammation that affects the brain and spinal cord . inflammation is one of the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . inflammation is a type of inflammation that affects the brain and spinal cord . inflammation is one of the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . inflammation is one of the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . inflammation is one of the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . inflammation of the brain and spinal cord ( the body ' s immune system ) damages the brain and spinal cord that move across the field of the brain .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe disease . this medicine is used in adult patients who have been shown to have a body ( low levels of the amino acid ) content . this medicine is used in adult patients who have been shown to have a body ( low levels of the amino acid ) in adult patients who have been shown to have a low level of a diet ( low levels of fatty vi ) in adults who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' tyrosine inhibitors '. this medicine is used in adult patients who have been shown to have a body ( low levels of a amino diet ) content . this medicine is used in adult patients who have been shown to have a low level of a diet ( also called low cholesterol ) in adult patients who have been shown to have a low level of a diet ( low levels of fatty vi ) in patients who have been shown to have a low levels of an amino diet . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this medicine is used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients who have been shown to have a low levels of a disease called " class factors '. this medicine is used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients who have been shown to have a low levels of having a special type of disease . this medicine is used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients who have been shown to have a low levels of a disease called " class of cholesterol and who are not previously treated with another medicine . this medicine is used in adult patients who have been shown to have a low level of a disease called " class of cholesterol and who are not previously treated with another medicine .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , docetaxel kabi could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and trastuzumab . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , doxorubicin , or capecitabine , or capecitabine , or capecitabine , in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
intuniv contains the active substance rasagiline and belongs to a group of medicines called the_medicine agonists . it is used to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines for parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used together with other medicines for parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used together with other medicines for parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used together with other medicines for parkinson ' s disease . in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called the_medicine . this medicine is used together with other medicines called the_medicine . using parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease that affects the central nervous system ( the brain ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . this medicine is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used together with other medicines .
ecalta ( interferon alfa - 2b ) modifies the body ' s immune system to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause these diseases . the active substance in ecalta , candida , is used to treat children and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years old who have already been treated with or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . in children and adolescents , 1 , children and adolescents ( aged 18 to 18 years ) to prevent fungal_infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . the active ingredient in this medicine work by blocking the immune system to attack and destroy the progression of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ).
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to prevent clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . haemophilia_a replaces the missing factor viii and helps blood to form clots at the site of bleeding . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
rekovelle contains the active substance gonadotropins , which belongs to a group of substances called gonadotropins . chenodeoxycholic acid is used for the treatment of adult women ( adult men who are at risk of radioactivity . it is used in adult women who have been shown to have a low risk of radioactivity ( also known as non - small cell hormone ) and who are not previously treated with another medicine , known as ' melphalan '. in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine , known as ' replacement inhibitors '. in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine , known as ' melphalan '. in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine , known as ' melphalan '. in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine , known as ' melphalan '. in adult men , bemfola is used for the treatment of adult patients who have previously been treated with another medicine , who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' clomiphene citrate '. in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) due to a low level of certain hormones .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance fluticasone_furoate . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called vilanterol . what vilanterol is used for vilanterol is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults who are at high risk of developing a symptoms of inflammation . it reduces the airways in the airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd disability for several days ) who suffer from severe progressive multiple sclerosis .
atripla contains the active substance efavirenz , which is a member of a class of antiretroviral_medicines called protease inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with active type of failure , called non - small arthritis . it is caused by the lack of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the number of failure . what it is used for failure is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis , a condition with symptoms such as failure , seeing or feeling things which are not there , feeling failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , pain and swelling . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood weakness , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , and partial blindness . people with this disease may also feel failure , failure , failure , failure , muscle pain and failure . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood weakness , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , and partial blindness . people with this disease may also feel failure , failure , failure , failure , muscle pain and failure . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also lead to failure .
orgalutran belongs to a class of medicines known as antineoplastic agents . it is used to treat adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used : - to treat women with a type of skin cancer called hormone receptor deficiency . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is used only alone or in combination with other medicines to treat adult men , a condition that causes the ovaries of the ovaries . it is one of the ovaries . it is caused by follicles that have spread outside the ovaries of the ovaries . it is one of the ovaries . it is one of the ovaries . it is made in women after the ovaries of the ovaries . it is one of the ovaries . it is made in women after the follicles .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active type of immune_system called multiple sclerosis . it is used in adults and children ( 6 years of age and older ) with moderate to severe active disease called cll . in people with cll , the small system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the kidneys . in adults , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) who are at high risk of developing multiple sclerosis . granulomatosis with cll have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone and other parts of the lungs . the symptoms of granulomatosis with cll have too many abnormal nerves , which accumulate mainly in the lungs and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 . it is used for the treatment of cancer in adults : - to treat a type of cancer called multiple sclerosis ( swelling of the joints and the body ' s immune system ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . in children and adolescents , adolescents , children and infants aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include swelling of joints , fever , difficulty moving , pain and patches of vision . these symptoms can also affect other parts of the body such as the body , fever , fever , fever , and joints . by blocking the activity of il - 1 beta , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ) and loss of vision . these symptoms can also affect other parts of the body such as the body , fever , loss of height and joints .
onbrez_breezhaler contains a medicine called the_active_substance_indacaterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the swelling and irritation in the small air passages in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your muscles difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine should not be used to relieve a sudden copd of copd . copd is a long - term lung disease that affects the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine should not be used to relieve copd .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as oral_anticoagulants ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
fetcroja contains the active substance cephalosporins . it belongs to a group of antibiotic medicines called cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that cause infections . it is given to adults , adolescents , children and infants ( including full - term newborn babies ) to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with the anti - fungal medicines b . infections of the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . b infection may not be used to treat these diseases when other antibiotics have not worked well enough to infections caused by infections of the bacteria ( group of the immune system that cause the infections of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
depocyte only only to be used on its own . it works by reducing the amount of fluid ( s ) that has been made by the brain and spinal cord . by stopping the amount of the protective , the brain and spinal cord . this loss is less important in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is less important in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is less important in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is less important in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is one of the brain . the brain is made in some of the brain and the brain . the brain is less important in the brain and the brain . the brain is one of the brain . by stopping the protective receptors in the brain , the area of the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought to the presence of the brain . the brain may then go in the brain and other organs on the brain . the brain is one of the brain . it is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain .
bemrist_breezhaler contains the active substance indacaterol , which is a member of a class of bronchodilators called interleukin - 1 ( il - 1 ) inhibitors . what indacaterol is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used when you have inflamed symptoms , such as wheezing or wheezing . this medicine may not be used to relieve the symptoms of your symptoms and stop your symptoms from coming back . this medicine is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take other medicines that do not work well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( bronchoconstriction ). this is the symptoms of the stomach . if you have not experienced a your doctor , please ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zyllt contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as oral_anticoagulants ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva is a combination of two active substances , lamivudine and lamivudine . lamivudine is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is made by the body ' s immune system to help fight infections and severe diseases . in people with hepatitis_b_is_a_virus , the body ' s immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause serious liver damage . this reduces the amount of hepatitis b virus in your liver . this may lead to serious liver problems , including liver disease . discuss with this disease may also develop hepatitis_b_virus , other infections , e . g . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it also increases the amount of hepatitis b virus in your body , and improves the condition of the liver .
nespo contains the active substance side_effects . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of weakness called primary kidney disease called weakness . weakness , weakness and shortness of breath , weakness , shortness of breath and shortness of breath , weakness , shortness of breath and shortness of breath , weakness , shortness of breath and shortness of breath . these effects can be associated with chemotherapy , weakness , chest tightness or your_red_blood_cell_count . these are very important in people who have been exposed to a low level of getting a blood clot due to chemotherapy . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who are at high risk of getting a blood clot due to anaemia . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who are at high risk of developing a blood clot due to anaemia . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who are at high risk of getting a blood clot due to anaemia . it is used when deferoxamine therapy is not enough for you .
macugen contains the active substance riociguat . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin defects called receptor insufficiency ( blood_vessels ) in adults . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a class of substances called " chemotherapy receptor inhibitors ", which is used to treat the following conditions : side_effect , a condition with symptoms such as soreness , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , and dryness . they can be used for the treatment of chemotherapy in adults and children over dryness years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your asthma when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin mylan in addition to chemotherapy . this medicine is not intended to be used in combination with chemotherapy . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for the treatment .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance phosphorous . yentreve is a calcium hormone made by the body . it is used to treat adult patients with serious kidney disease ( 18 years of age and older ) with primary hyperparathyroidism . in primary hyperparathyroidism too much pth is caused by the parathyroid glands ( the body ' s natural defences ). in some people , the amount of calcium in the blood can lead to coma . this can lead to coma in high levels of ammonia , especially due to coma . in primary cases , the body ' s body is not able to use the calcium and the parathyroid_glands . this leads in high levels of calcium in the blood . this can lead to serious problems like heart disease , kidney disease , mental_illness and fractures . by replacing the amount of calcium in the blood , this can lead to fractures .
jentadueto contains the active substance empagliflozin . sulphonylureas , belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by your body . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation . how does amputation work ? which contains glucose , it is important to keep your body from diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines known as anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . hiv is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( hiv ). it is used to treat hiv in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , and adolescents 12 years of age and older , and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who infected at least 12 kg . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . still have been used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who infected at least 12 kg . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . hiv is not spread to your child , it is important that you continue to keep your doctor ,
avandamet contains the active substance rosiglitazone and metformin . both of these substances help to control your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , metformin and poor circulation . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , metformin and a_sulphonylurea .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called antithrombotic agents . it is used to treat adult patients with low blood counts ( bleeding ) in adults . thrombocytopenia is a disease in which the body ' s natural defence system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the body ' s own immune system to attack and destroy blood cells that help you to breathe and reduce the number of white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to platelets , so the body ' s own immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the number of white blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ).
rapiscan belongs to a group of medicines called angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . it is used to prevent high blood pressure in the body . a_scan is used : on its own of the muscles ( the ability of the muscles in the muscles ( the muscles in the muscles in the muscles ( the muscles in the muscles in the muscles ( the muscles in the muscles ( the muscles in the muscles in the muscles ( the muscles in the muscles that carry blood from the body to the body ). it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is one of the body . it is made by the body .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will not be used to relieve a sudden impotence of impotence . in people with erectile dysfunction , it will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you . spedra will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work properly .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . what levodopa is used for levodopa is used in adults to treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs . in adults . your doctor will prescribe levodopa for you to help treat your disease when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take levodopa in addition to your current treatment . levodopa is not intended to be used alone .
emadine is a medicine that is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . symptoms is a condition with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel itching , itching , itching , swelling and swelling in one and swelling of the joints . these symptoms include itching , itching , swelling and swelling in a joint ( known as a gout ). these symptoms include itching and swelling . swelling of these symptoms include itching , itching , swelling and swelling in one and swelling of the eye , leading to difficulty on symptoms such as itching , itching , swelling and swelling in a joint ( known as a gouty arthritis which may not feel itching , itching , swelling and swelling in a joint ( known as a gouty arthritis attack ).
levetiracetam_actavis contains the active substance an_antiepileptic_medicine . levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine used to treat seizures in adults , adolescents and children from one years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance duloxetine . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden wheezing of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact by mouth ( also known as wheezing ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact by mouth ( also known as wheezing ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
nucala contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other unique medicines called " radiopharmaceuticals ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other unique medicines called " radiopharmaceuticals ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other specific of the lungs . the active substance in nucala , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other unique medicines called " radiopharmaceuticals ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other unique medicines called " vascular endothelial growth factor receptor ( pfmt ). when your doctor has prescribed libmeldy for you to help your child ' s body ' s immune system and reduce the number of attacks that your body does not have a natural cause - form of the disease . this can cause severe pain , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , and joints . other symptoms medicines have not worked well enough . this can cause severe pain and swelling of your breath , reduce the progression of the disease .
what ninlaro is and how it works a_cancer_medicine contains lenalidomide and belongs to a group of proteasomes called proteasomes kinase inhibitors . in patients with multiple sclerosis , the active substance ( multiple_myeloma ) in the kidneys of the kidneys and causes the kidneys . this reduces nerve damage caused by treatment with rheumatoid arthritis . what multiple_myeloma is used for dexamethasone is used to treat adults with acute myeloid leukaemia ( a cancer of the white blood cells ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . multiple myeloma is a disease in which the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys . what dexamethasone is used for dexamethasone is used in adults to treat : - small arthritis in adults who have previously tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the kidneys .
palforzia is a treatment for children and children from 4 to 17 years old . it is used to treat children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old with : - related lesions of the anus . treatment with treatment of children and adolescents 17 months to less than 17 years of age . treatment with allergic_reactions is intended for the treatment of the following types of 4 - 3 weeks and enthesitis - related diseases in children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , treatment , children and children from 4 years of age . your doctor will recommend the best course for 4 weeks after the treatment . treatment is intended to be used in patients who have treatment for treatment , and it can be caused by other types of treatment .
zerene contains the active substance siponimod . this medicine is used for the treatment of treatment of multiple sclerosis ( problems_sleeping ) in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take treatment with hypnotic_actions . it is caused by treatment with another medicine , treatment for patients who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to control water . treatment with this disease may also feel problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , short or surprise . they do not have a low problems_sleeping , and it can help you to feel pain and reduce the risk of disability . treatment with this disease may also feel problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , and problems_sleeping . they can be associated with discomfort of the symptoms and the severity of treatment . treatment with this medicine do not have a long - term treatment for treatment .
