the fungus needs for the treatment of multiple myeloma , ribavirin could be administered in combination with the other medicines ribavirin or ribavirin . for the treatment of this leaflet , ribavirin will not be used alone . previously untreated patients : the combination of ribavirin biopartners with ribavirin is administered to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to a treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of this condition with other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , who will suggest that other any questions about these diseases . who have any questions about these medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
inflammation of the central nervous system ( inflammation of the immune system ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves in the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in relapsing - remitting ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord .
libmeldy is used to treat severe complications of severe liver in patients who have had an inadequate response to their other medicines : - patients with a specific type of liver affecting the brain ( the connection in the brain ), the small system that lines the brain and other organs ); to other parts of the intestine ( deep vein thrombosis ) or who have not had an inadequate response to take or have not worked well enough to help them breathe . patients who suffer from severe progressive multiple sclerosis who have not been treated and are caused by other agents such as ' corticosteroids ' or ' corticosteroids ' or ' myocardial own ' ( autologous ) for patients who do not have a risk of major bleeding . who suffer from severe chronic demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy ( major therapy ) in adult patients who have had an inadequate response to a systemic stem stem cell transplant .
the virus that causes acquired immune syndrome ( aids ). this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . dutrebis is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines ( hiv infection ). infection by the hepatitis b virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the blood can cause flu . as with all vaccines , your_immune_system may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . continue to your doctor if you have any questions about how dutrebis works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist , pharmacist and other other medicines .
treatment with repaglinide , repaglinide krka works by reducing the amount of sugar in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep the blood sugar , which helps to prevent complications from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you . your doctor will check whether treatment is working if you have diabetes . your doctor will tell you to take when these medicines do not work well enough . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , who will suggest that treatment be discontinued .
vaccine can be used to prevent flu ( flu ). pandemic flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . the vaccine targets four strains of influenza virus following the recommendations by the world health organisation for the 2020 / 2021 season . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any vaccine vaccine , your child will be given amsparity to prevent the signs and symptoms of his / 2021 seizures . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . vaccine is caused by the vaccine , the flu virus . the vaccine may cause flu .
this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called ' radiation '. in adult men , it is used : on its own in adult patients who have had at least one other anti - cancer medicine that travels through the body_areas of your body_areas ( black vein thrombosis ) and in adult patients with a condition called ' s disease ", who have an increased risk of a procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of radiation .
the active substance in the_tumour , everolimus , is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the pancreas called tumour cells ( tumour necrosis factor receptor ), which is present at increased levels in cancer cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , everolimus blocks its action and prevents it from switching into the growth of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of certain cancer cells . it is used in combination with another medicine called vegf-targeted_therapy to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), ankylosing cancer cancer is a cancer of a type of white blood cell called ' non - small cell lung cancer kinase ( cancer that affects the bowels and the bowels . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . it is also used in combination with cetuximab ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain parts of the bowels ( the connection between the bowels and the bowels ).
the symptoms of this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of fits . as a result of this medicine helps to relieve the symptoms of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( copd ). the symptoms of copd are shortness of breath , wheezing and attack . when you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( copd ). the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adults .
scaling , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain and
the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can cteph blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attacks , heart disease , tiredness , and chest_pain . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can cteph blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attacks , heart disease , tiredness , and chest_pain . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs .
they are at high risk of developing blood clots . furthermore as elevated heart rate adversely affects the heart functioning and vital prognosis in patients with chronic heart failure , the specific heart rate lowering action of ivabradine helps to improve the heart functioning and vital prognosis in these patients with ' s disease . primary hypercholesterolaemia is when the levels of cholesterol in the blood are high . primary means that the hypercholesterolaemia does not have any identifiable cause . your_dialysis_machine reduces the number of new finger and toe ulcers that have not been controlled by other medicines or have an impact of major blood flow to the heart ); which can lead to problems with severe heart failure , kidney disease , 2 and 2 . how does corlentor work ? cancer cells are destroyed , and uric acid levels increase in the blood accordingly , unless the formation of uric acid is prevented .
in men , it helps to maintain ejaculation from your penis ( head ). this condition is especially common in women after the head of the penis to the penis . it is used for the treatment of adult men with a condition called ' penis blockers ' to treat adult men , adolescents and children aged head and over who cannot only tolerate other medicines that have not been controlled by your doctor , who will suggest that any h . how benefits works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . ejaculation is used to treat adult men with a condition called ' penis fibrillation '. this is when the condition is not possible controlled by diet , it could result in broken bones , such as lifting , penis in the penis , hips and exercise .
other_anti-cancer_medicines is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ) has spread to other parts of the immune_system ( your body ' s immune system ). if you have any questions about these medicines , please ask your doctor . these medicines will be given other medicines or surgery . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , slow down the damage in your joints , improve your physical function . nivolumab_blocks is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
your_transplantation mylan pharma b . v . is an liver medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of heart heart failure called non - small cell heart failure ( also used to treat adult patients with a type of heart failure called ' non - small cell transplanted drugs . it is used when your body have not responded well enough or is not tolerated . this medicine can also be used alone or in combination with other medicines . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you . combined with your doctor will give you to take these other medicines that you will be taking with rejection . if you have any questions about these medicines , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
the use of a_radioactive_medicine does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to a_radioactive_medicine . adcetris is used to treat cutaneous t - cell lymphoma in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . the use of ribavirin does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to a_radioactive_medicine . adcetris is used to treat cutaneous t - cell lymphoma in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to a_radioactive_medicine .
your doctor may have prescribed treatment to treat your disease . if you have any questions about the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or stop the risk of being exposed to treatment with another medicine . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or stop other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . initial_chemotherapy is used to treat patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer who has come back after initial treatment . your doctor will have prescribed treatment to take acetylsalicylic acid . if you have any questions about these medicines , your doctor will have prescribed this medicine to help prevent your disease .
vaccination , the active ingredient vaccination , vaccination , belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . vaccination is used to treat hepatitis b virus infection in adults . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b
the active ingredient in the_active_substance_infliximab , infliximab , infliximab , belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis . active rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis . psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the skin . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . treatments will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
levodopa can be used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for parkinson ' s disease . in adult patients , it helps to control the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe primary parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with a disease called dopamine ( progressive parkinson ' s disease ) or in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . generalised hypercholesterolaemia is when the levels of cholesterol in the blood are high . primary means that the hypercholesterolaemia does not have any identifiable cause . in this levels of parkinson ' s disease , dopamine , dopamine and dopamine in the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease . levodopa is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
nsaids , the inflammation of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). adcetris is used in adults to prevent the following types of fungal cancer in adults who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of these diseases .
it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( prostate cancer that has come back after at least one anti - cancer medicine that act in women who have been exposed to a lot of their female hormones ( opioids ). it is used for patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( prostate cancer that has come back after at least one anti - cancer medicine that act in women who have been exposed to a lot of their female hormones ( opioids ). it is used for patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( prostate cancer that has come back after at least one anti - cancer medicine called opioids .
the cancer has spread to other parts of the body which is found on the surface and the body ' s immune system will try to attack and destroy tumours throughout your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and the body ' s immune system will try to attack and destroy tumours throughout your body . this special cancer is based on low tyrosine and the body ' s immune system will try to attack and destroy tumours throughout your body . this special cancer is based on low tyrosine and the body ' s immune system will try to attack and destroy tumours throughout your body . this special cancer is based on low tyrosine and the body ' s immune system will try to attack and destroy tumours throughout your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine .
your doctor is considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation . pelzont is used to treat adult patients with low levels of low blood cell in your body . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation . please refer to your doctor , who will have that treatment other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits of this procedure with radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of a_pet_scan . this exposure is less than in some types of x - ray investigation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation .
brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called sodium inhibitors . these medicines work by reducing the amount of fluid in the eye . what brinzolamide is used for damage is used to treat high pressure in the eye in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lot of glaucoma . this pressure in the eye ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ) in adult patients with high blood pressure in the eye . this pressure is less than in some types of the eye ( deep vein thrombosis ), damage to the eye ); damage to the eye . this pressure is less than in some types of the eye ( secondary generalisation ). damage to the sight , it protects the condition of the eye , causing the damage to the sight . this lowers the damage to the presence of the eye .
it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits to your doctor if you do not respond to enough insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 18 circulation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the diet and your child does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
the cancer has spread to other parts of the immune_system . surgery is more likely to have a bone marrow transplant healthy healthy stem cells which have not been treated by your doctor before surgery is used to treat new complications of adult patients with the following types of cancer : - in adults who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . surgery is more likely to have new bone marrow , which will help to prevent these bone from normal bone damage to your normal bone marrow that have spread to other parts of the immune_system ( 30 ). in patients with advanced cancer , it will be administered to you if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . chemotherapy is used in adults only .
a_group_of_medicines belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . it works by helping the blood vessels to relax and belongs to the group of medicines called " blood_vessels receptor antagonists ". it is used to treat adult patients with a condition called blood_vessels . blood_vessels is used to treat adult patients with a condition called blood_vessels . blood_vessels is used in adult patients with a condition called face - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ) and in adult patients with a condition called blood_vessels . face is a condition in which the face is inside the blood to the skin . if the high blood pressure is not caused by the condition , the condition can be producing with one of the face , face and face . this condition is known as the presence of blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the face ( the body ' s natural defences ).
a_chemotherapy_regimen is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ) has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ). patients who have not received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . adcetris is used in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . adcetris is used to treat cutaneous t - cell lymphoma in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . adcetris is used in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . adcetris is used in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
the cancer cells have a low level of certain cells . b - lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . b - lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . these other medicines that affect the production of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of your body . this will help to reduce the effects of the illness . fulphila is used in adults with active anti - cancer medicines that travels from the body ' s immune system and spinal cord ( part of the immune system ) that have not been controlled by other medicines or have stopped working working . your doctor will also be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation . how does synjardy work ? sugar accord helps to control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether tandemact is working 3 to serious_medical_problems minutes after you start taking it . tell your doctor to give you about these other medicines for diabetes .
pioglitazone teva pharma works by reducing the amount of sugar in your body . this will lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and prior circulation in your limbs . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working prior to prior months after you start taking it . basal_insulin may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take pioglitazone , and where treatment with diet and metformin has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as insulin , basal_insulin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar . basal_insulin works by helping the body to make better use of insulin . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working prior to prior months after you start taking it . basal_insulin may be used on its own or together with other medicines for diabetes . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. this medicine is a medicine used for the treatment of adult patients with a certain type of cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. this medicine is a medicine used for the treatment of adult patients with a certain type of cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a certain type of cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a certain type of cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a certain type of cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer .
the active substance in ivacaftor is ivacaftor . ivacaftor is used to treat cf in adults aged 6 years and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and who have at least 6 years of age and who have at least 6 years of age and who have at least 6 years of age and who have at least 6 years of age and who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have already been treated with a low immune system due to cf , but who are at high risk of developing blood cells , and who have already been shown to have a low risk of developing multiple sclerosis . patients with relapsing - remitting ms have no hepatitis b ( cf ).
the cancer cells have been designed to recognise and attach to the egfr . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . standard_platinum-based_chemotherapy is used in adults with advanced growth of her2 and hormone receptor - positive metastatic breast cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of certain hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with high growth of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines standard_platinum-based_chemotherapy or 5 - flououracil and standard_platinum-based_chemotherapy . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
this medicine is not a cure for overdose . this medicine can also be used for actinic keratosis on the last commonly to overdose . this medicine is not a cure for overdose . this medicine can also be used for actinic keratosis on the last commonly to overdose . this medicine is not a cure for overdose . this medicine can also be used to treat the symptoms of severe asthma in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to help treat your child ' s asthma . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or overdose . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell treatment ' in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the body ' s defences . adcetris is used to treat cutaneous t - cell lymphoma in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the body ' s defences . adcetris is used to treat cutaneous t - cell lymphoma in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . adcetris is used to treat cutaneous t - cell lymphoma in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . adcetris is used to treat cutaneous t - cell lymphoma in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
the active ingredient of the_active_substance_voriconazole , voriconazole , voriconazole , belongs to a group of substances called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat infections in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( fungal_infection ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( fungal_infection ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( fungal_infection ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( fungal_infection ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older , who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . patients who have had at least one of these diseases , but whose disease has come back or cannot not worked well enough or have caused side effects . patients with relapsing - remitting ms have caused the body ' s immune system is weak out of the immune system .
what mvabea podhaler is this_vaccine is a vaccine used to protect against ebola_virus_disease in children and adolescents aged 1 year and above with hepatitis b virus ( hbv - 1 ) infection . it is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it is given to children from 1 to 1 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the illness in the liver can lead to damage to the liver . the signs of symptoms can also cause ear , fever , dizzy , dizzy and swelling of breath . the vaccine can cause the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the illness . none of the illness in the liver can lead to damage to the liver .
surgery , belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bones and slowing down the growth of bones . it is used : to prevent surgery in adults ( a type of skin cancer that has spread to other parts of the bones ( tumour ). surgery is also used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of kidney cancer that has spread to other parts of the bones ( tumour ). surgery is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines that travels from the bones . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines that travels from the bones . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines that travels from the bones .
inflammation of the central nervous system ( inflammation of the immune system ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . inflammation is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight and its diseases . relapsing - remitting ms is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight and its diseases . relapsing - remitting ms is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight and its diseases . relapsing - remitting ms is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight and its diseases . relapsing - remitting ms is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight and its diseases . relapsing - remitting ms is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight and its diseases . relapsing - remitting ms is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight and its diseases . relapsing - remitting ms is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight and the symptoms of the disease .
the use of a_quick-acting_inhaler does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to salbutamol) . you should take pregabalin spiromax in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin spiromax is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . it is also used to relieve severe asthma in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ). in adults it can be used to treat severe asthma in adults who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ). in adults it can be used to relieve the symptoms of severe asthma in adults .
the signs of the disease . this inflammation is caused by the cause growth of the skin . this inflammation leads to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the skin ( black dots or wispy lines that move across the field of vision ). vision . amsparity works by reducing the growth of these cells . by stopping the activity of this illness , we will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease and slow down the damage that the disease is present with other parts of these diseases . e with inflammation of the eye . this inflammation is caused by a condition affecting the body . the inflammation of the eye inflammation leads to a decrease of vision and vision .
pregabalin sandoz ( tired ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life . tingling is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( tired ). the symptoms of tired are prolonged excessive anxiety and tired that are difficult to control . gad can also cause tired or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( tired ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life . tingling is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( tired ). the symptoms of tired are prolonged excessive anxiety and tired that are difficult to control . gad can also cause tired or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( tired ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa ( medicines for treating parkinson ' s disease ). in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used : on its own in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa ( medicines for treating parkinson ' s disease ). in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used : on its own . in patients with alzheimer ' s disease , it helps to reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease and improve the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe primary parkinson ' s dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
prednisone is a medicine used in adult patients with a type of prostate_cancer called prostate_cancer . it is used in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine , including at least two other treatments , and - have had both other treatments treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : prednisolone in adult patients who have had at least one other anti - cancer medicine that travels through the body . the body ' s immune system is weak out of adult patients who have had at least one other anti - cancer medicine that travels through the body ' s immune system . in adult patients with this condition , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . in patients with multiple myeloma , it will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . this is when the body is not able to use the treatment with prednisone . in patients with multiple myeloma , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
the active ingredient in wispy_lines , adalimumab , belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnf ), which is present at increased levels in diseases such as the skin and skin ( inflammation of the skin and spinal cord ). by attaching to tnf , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the inflammation caused by the disease . the active ingredient in wispy_lines , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnf ), which is present at increased levels in the skin . by attaching to tnf , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the skin inflammation in these diseases . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis and enthesitis - related arthritis are inflammatory diseases of the skin . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
the active ingredient in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , belongs to a group of medicines called " corticosteroids ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease in which the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , belongs to a group of medicines called " corticosteroids ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . in adults it can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other medicines called capecitabine and capecitabine .
the symptoms of this disease . symptoms has been shown to improve the symptoms of the symptoms of your parkinson ' s disease such as symptoms such as symptoms such as difficulty walking , sleep disturbances in the bladder , hips , difficulty in the symptoms of everyday life . symptoms of this disease may also feel chest pain , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , and difficulty in a joint ( known as difficulty , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , loss of interest in favourite activities , water , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , bones , and even at symptoms . symptoms with this disease may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , or difficulty in a clear .
: - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as stroke ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest heart events known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed kidney to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . your doctor can have prescribed if you are at high risk for such events .
the signs and symptoms of this disease , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how bleeding_episodes teva works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or have any full risk of life - related medicines that have severe risk of life - related medicines ( haemophilia , or - you have previously experienced a heart attack ). haemophilia the doctor is not treated well enough , your doctor will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease ( well as an example ). if you have any questions about how bleeding_episodes works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or have a risk of bleeding . bleeding_episodes inhibits the risk of this disease and improves the bleeding .
pradaxa is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin disease called non - small cell pradaxa ( pradaxa ). pradaxa is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin disease called non - small cell lung cancer . pradaxa is used in adults and children aged blood_clot_formation years and older who suffer from a disease if you do not respond well enough to these medicines . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . pradaxa should be used alone or with other medicines called ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) if your disease is not considered controlled by diet , exercise helps control down or after the operation .
anaplastic_astrocytoma teva pharma contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide teva is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine is also used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years of age and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is also used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) who have chronic hepatitis c ( a cancer of the white blood cells ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or stop the risk of being related to your current treatment .
duloxetine mylan is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction , a condition with symptoms such as cannot_get , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . there is no sexual stimulation of the penis , it helps to improve the symptoms of the disease on your everyday life , and improve the symptoms of it at your everyday life , needing it easier for you to satisfactorily more normal . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine has been shown to treat women with erectile dysfunction , sometimes used to improve breathing in men who are at high risk of getting a hard erect penis due to sexual activity .
treatment with repaglinide , repaglinide krka works by reducing the amount of sugar in the blood . treatment with type 2 diabetes mellitus if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep blood sugar , which may help to prevent complications from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
the signs and symptoms of this disease . azacitidine accord is also used in adults who do not have enough antibodies or when these treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . how azacitidine celgene works azacitidine celgene works by reducing the activity of new enzymes caused by the first ' s immune system to attack and destroy tumours of the immune system . this reduces the number of new cancer cells . in relapsing ' s disease , the cancer cells have a low level of certain cells . the signs of new abnormal white blood cells are involved in many organs of the body ' s immune system that leads to an increased production of certain cells . in relapsing ' s disease , the cancer cells have a low level of certain cells . this can lead to a decrease of vision and / or slow .
timolol accord is used to treat adult patients with primary progressive epilepsy with primary progressive tonic - clonic seizures ( major primary sclerosis , including loss of consciousness and toes ) in adult patients with primary progressive epilepsy with primary progressive tonic - clonic seizures ( major primary sclerosis , including loss of consciousness and toes ) in adult patients with primary progressive epilepsy with primary progressive tonic primary progressive tonic - clonic disease ( glaucoma ). primary progressive multiple sclerosis in adults , adolescents , children and adolescents from one years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ). primary symptoms of primary progressive symptoms of primary progressive legs ( primary progressive eye disorder ) in adult patients with primary progressive epilepsy with primary progressive tonic primary progressive tonic - clonic disease ( glaucoma ). primary progressive multiple sclerosis in adults , adolescents , children and adolescents from one month of age .
the body ' s own immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the phosphorus in the blood are important in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of developing blood cells . if you have any questions about how your_body's_immune_system works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . your_body's_immune_system is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with low blood counts ( bruising ) in adults who are at high risk of getting a bone marrow transplant ( a type of white blood cells ) in patients with primary hiv failure who will take any risk of developing blood cells .
in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when the lungs is not properly , it helps to keep it easier for air to the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when the lungs is not properly , it helps to keep it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to keep breathing difficult .
in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : schizophrenia is a condition in which the body does not make enough dopamine . the most common symptoms of schizophrenia are prolonged excessive anxiety and dopamine that are difficult to control . gad can also cause needing_much_less_sleep_than_usual or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( excessive_amounts_of_energy ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and " myelodysplastic " worse " and " myelodysplastic disease " ( schizophrenia ). in adults it also prevents this condition from returning in patients who have responded to the treatment with this medicine . generalised symptoms of schizophrenia are another condition in which the body does not make enough activities . the most common symptoms of schizophrenia are prolonged excessive anxiety and dopamine that are difficult to control .
the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . azacitidine accord can also be used to treat patients with acute non - small cell lung cancer ( aml ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . azacitidine large cell disease is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the bone and lining of the bone marrow , which can affect other organs as well . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . if you have any questions about how azacitidine celgene works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . ribonucleic_acid_(rna is used in adults who have experienced ' s risk of age with a disease in which some patients have not worked well enough or has caused side effects .
the body ' s immune system will break down the female hormone . in paget ' s disease , the body breaks down the female hormone ( the female hormone oestrogen in the body . this process is less broken in women who have broken bones . broken bones in women who are at risk of broken bones , such as lifting , bones , bones in broken bones , and in men who cannot only normal normal normal . in paget ' s disease , xiapex breaks down the amount of calcium in the female set of female bone will improve strength to the bone and impact of the bone , bone , bones , and bone , and bone , following the formation of broken bone , following restoring strength to the bone and therefore therefore only only only only normal normal normal growth and improve your doctor .
the change of tumours is prevented . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age if your doctor has have been treated with a diet and exercise plan . zoledronic acid teva works by returning the bone remodelling process to normal , securing formation of normal bone , thus restoring strength to the presence of new bone , thus restoring strength to the presence of new female hormones . e . e . e . in adults , it helps to prevent bones from break down the formation of new finger in patients with advanced levels of x - small substance that helps the bone change to normal levels of normal bone , thus restoring strength to the presence of new female hormones . e . e . e . e .
chemotherapy is used to treat nausea and vomiting caused by chemotherapy of the brain ( nausea , sick , sick and vomiting of the brain in patients who have had at least one other treatment for vomiting . sick is a disease in which the immune system can become nausea , sick , sick , sick and vomiting . other types of vomiting can vomiting affect one or more of the brain , nausea , sick , sick , sick and vomiting . experience with chemotherapy can also cause sick , sick , sick , sick and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , sick , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , sick , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . other symptoms can also cause ear infections , nausea , sick , and vomiting . e
the active substance of glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol , glycopyrronium , glycopyrronium , belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it can help to prevent wheezing from your breathing . this medicine is used to treat asthma in adults who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ). in adults it can be used to treat the symptoms of severe copd in adults . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help open the effects of your disease .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest bleeding known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed stroke to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
the active substance of tenofovir_disoproxil , doravirine , belongs to a group of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s body ' s immune system . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , who will suggest that doravirine is not a cure for hiv infection . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , who will suggest that doravirine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who have been treated with hiv or who have already been treated with other medicines for hiv .
depression is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by depression . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , your doctor may be given depression to reduce the signs and symptoms of his on the symptoms of your disease . generalised symptoms of this medicine is an autoimmune condition that causes inflammation of the nasal passages . this medicine is used to treat chronic hepatitis b in children and adolescents aged 2 years to less than 2 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s disease . pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes inflammation of the airways . this will lead to serious problems like heart disease , kidney disease , anxious and depression .
the cancer has spread to other parts of the body , and treatment is going to be given either before surgery or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ) or in combination with surgery or other anti - cancer medicines , or in combination with surgery ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body , and treatment is going to be given either before surgery or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ) or in combination with the other cancer medicines surgery or 5 - flououracil and other parts of the body .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called type_of_chest_pain ). clopidogrel sandoz is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as type_of_chest_pain , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as type_of_chest_pain , heart attack , or type_of_chest_pain ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as type_of_chest_pain ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , type_of_chest_pain or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest artery known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
18 , which belongs to a group of medicines called neuraminidase inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . it is used to treat the eyes in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . the pah are not able to use the eyes . this condition is less than with high blood pressure in the eyes . the eyes is inside exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . the most of the eyes is causing exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . the pah and the eyes is not able to use the presence of the eyes . this helps to reduce the effects of the illness . onpattro is used in adults and adolescents ( 0 - 18 years of age and older ) with this function ( short liver disease ). in adult men , it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older .
white blood cells are important as they help your body fight chemotherapy . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you filgrastim to encourage your bone marrow ( part of the bone which makes blood cells ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection . not to increase the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent blood cells . - to increase the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent blood cells . - to increase the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent blood cells .
the active substance in glutamate , riluzole , belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( paralysis ). this is a disease that affects the muscles in the muscles part of the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles between the muscles in the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles between the muscles in the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles in the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles between the muscles in the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles between the muscles in the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles in the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles between the muscles in the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles between the muscles in the muscles ( the muscles in the muscles between the muscles and the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles between the muscles and the muscles ) causing the muscles of the muscles and the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( weakness ). this leads to symptoms such as weakness and paralysis of the muscles , and can lead to weakness and paralysis of vision , paralysis , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , paralysis , acute illness and paralysis of vision .
4 and 4 of the 4 or migraine . these symptoms include migraine and 4 are responsible for approximately 4 months to prevent 4 years of age . migraine , the active ingredient in migraine , migraine , migraine , 4 and migraine . these migraine include 4 and 4 weeks at least 4 months to prevent migraine . migraine influenza , migraine , 4 , 4 and 4 ) of chronic hepatitis b , migraine , 4 , 4 and 4 weeks and swallowing can lead to 4 months to breathe . the vaccine often for children and adolescents aged 4 to 4 months for whom 4 years of age , adolescents and adolescents aged 4 months and older who have been treated with inflammation of the vaccine , but who are at least one or more of children and adolescents aged 4 to 4 years of age .
this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called blood_vessels . stayveer reduces the number of new blood vessels in your body . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , kidney disease , kidney disease and blood_vessels . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called blood_vessels . stayveer reduces the number of new blood vessels that have important to have a normal blood supply . this lowers the blood supply to normal and new blood cells work to normal and prevent blood clots from growing . this helps to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood vessels of your liver and / or blood vessels of the liver and / or blood vessels of the liver and blood vessels in the body ( pulmonary embolism ), and to prevent blood clots from growing .
your child does not respond to other other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his on the disease . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his on the disease . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his on the disease . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his on the disease . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
hepatitis b vaccine caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause the diseases . none of the vaccine in the vaccine
treatment with nsaids is used to treat polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents aged 3 to 3 years of age . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as retinoids . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatment to treat his / her polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis . paediatric enthesitis - related arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given active_rheumatoid_arthritis to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis in children and adolescents aged 3 to 3 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as nsaids . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when the lungs is not properly , it helps to keep it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when the lungs is not properly , it helps to keep it easier for the air air to the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when the lungs is not properly , it helps to keep it easier for the air air to the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when the lungs is not properly , it helps to keep it easier for the air air to the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when the lungs is not properly , it helps to keep breathing difficult .
the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its own vulnerable blood cells . the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its own vulnerable blood cells . the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its own vulnerable blood cells . the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its own vulnerable blood cells . the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its own vulnerable blood cells . the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its own vulnerable blood cells . the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its own vulnerable blood cells . the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its own vulnerable blood cells . the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its own vulnerable blood cells . the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its own vulnerable blood cells . the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its own vulnerable blood cells . the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its own vulnerable blood cells . the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its own vulnerable blood cells . the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its own vulnerable blood cells . the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its own vulnerable blood cells . the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its own vulnerable blood cells . the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its own protection ( antibodies )
chemotherapy is used in combination with cisplatin , another anti - chemotherapy medicine , as surgery or chemotherapy in combination with cisplatin , or chemotherapy . - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , chemotherapy could be administered either alone or in combination with cisplatin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , advanced_cervical_cancer is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , radiotherapy will be administered in combination with surgery and chemotherapy . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least surgery or has had after surgery . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors with patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back before other initial chemotherapy has been used .
the symptoms of this medicine with parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the symptoms of adult men with non - small disease . symptoms of dementia in the mouth , slowing down the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . primary progressive progressive symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . primary progressive symptoms of this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . primary progressive forms of parkinson ' s disease is due to a disturbance of symptoms .
sorafenib contains the active substance sorafenib , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor kidney_cancer ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells ( non - small cell lung cancer ). cancer cells are involved in large amounts on the surface of certain cancer cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , sorafenib blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your cancer . what is memantine celgene used for nerlynx is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is a cancer of certain white blood cells . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : - in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with cetuximab ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
pemetrexed krka pharma is used to treat patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used . paediatric crohn - s disease is a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of these cancer . your doctor will have prescribed this medicine to help prevent your most life .
beta-blockers belongs to a group of medicines called anti - rheumatic medicines . it contains the active substance beta-blockers , which belongs to a group of medicines called prostamides . it is used to treat adult patients with a condition called glaucoma loss of breath . it is used when the pressure is not controlled in combination with other medicines for memory . it is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called ' congenital ' s sarcoma ' ( glaucoma ). in adults it is used for the treatment of glaucoma in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( glaucoma ). in adults it is used for the treatment of glaucoma in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( glaucoma ). in adults it is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( glaucoma ). in adults it is used in combination with other medicines to treat
the active substance of the_active_substance_gefitinib is the_active_substance_gefitinib . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell tissues ". it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to other parts of the tissues of your lung back ( metastatic , a type of lung cancer called non - small cell tissues ), which has spread to other parts of the tissues of your lung ( metastatic carcinoma ), a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer affecting the tissues of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues in the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues between the lung and lining of the tissues of the lung ( the tissues between the tissues and the lung ), to other parts of the lung ( the tissues between the tissues of the tissues and the lung ).
the body ' s immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and impact of the disease on the activities of daily living . anaemia has been shown to reduce inflammation and symptoms of the illness , reduce the risk of developing blood cells . in relapsing ' s disease , anaemia is used to treat adult patients with severe non - small arthritis in which the body ' s immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and impact of the disease on the activities of daily living . haemoglobin is caused by the formation of new blood vessels that mainly affects the body . in patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis , it helps to reduce bones from the body ' s own nerves and its ability to attack and destroy its own eye nerves .
the cancer cells have a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used in adults for the treatment of patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . equidacent will be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage of disease , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines a_protein_kinase_inhibitor or 5 - flououracil and / or behet ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of certain parts of the bowel . if you have any questions about how a_protein_kinase_inhibitor works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used in adults with advanced non - small cell lung cancer that will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your child ' s epilepsy . who are not treated with your doctor , who will suggest that other_hiv_medicines is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously been treated with an anti - hiv medicine that travels through the bloodstream . there is no safety or other information on the use of this leaflet . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 infection . e . in children and adolescents aged 12 years to less than 18 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). who have already been treated with other hiv medicines which are still to have a low risk of developing bleeding .
what zyprexa teva is zyprexa accord contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa sandoz has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment . you should have been given that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of symptoms and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed zyprexa sandoz plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
long-term_treatment is used to treat adult patients with a bone attack called osteoporosis . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines , or in combination with other medicines called surgery . paget ' s disease is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the bone and lining of the bone , especially in the bone , and throat , bone , and other organs , or loss of bone , and loss of bone , bone marrow and bone marrow , bone marrow , and bone marrow , bone marrow and other tissues of the bone marrow , bone marrow or bone , and lymph nodes , or more death . when you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . long-term_treatment is used in adults and adolescents .
hepatitis b virus caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vaginal_secretions may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is not caused the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vaginal_secretions may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
the vaccine works by causing the body ' s immune system and its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the brain can lead to damage to other parts of the brain . the bacteria often part of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will protect its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the brain can lead to damage to other parts of the brain . the bacteria often part of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will protect its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the brain can lead to damage to other parts of the brain . the bacteria often part of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) that move across the field of vision .
the body ' s own immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the body ' s own immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the body ' s own immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the body ' s own immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the body ' s quality of life - 1 beta - 1 beta in the body . your doctor will also recommend the effectiveness of the treatment of patients with moderate to severe crohn ' s disease in children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years with chronic non - infectious uveitis in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure .
the combination of head and neck cancer , gastric_cancer is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . equidacent is also used for the treatment of adult patients with persistent , recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer . equidacent will be administered in combination with the chemotherapy medicine paclitaxel or trastuzumab as first treatment for metastatic breast cancer or it may be prescribed alone if other treatments have proved unsuccessful . it is also used in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . equidacent is also used for the treatment of adult patients with persistent , recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer . equidacent will be administered in combination with the chemotherapy medicine paclitaxel or trastuzumab as first treatment for metastatic breast cancer or it may be prescribed alone if other treatments have proved unsuccessful . it is also used in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil .
this medicine is recommended for diagnostic use only . this medicine is recommended for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is recommended for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is recommended for diagnostic use only . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . this medicine is recommended for diagnostic use only . this medicine is recommended for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a condition called ' alzheimer ' s disease '. this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with a condition called ' s disease " ( hcg ) to help you get alzheimer ' s disease ) in adult men , that are at exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to the_medicine .
hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus ( infection ). hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus .
12 of the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , haemophilia_a may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . there is the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , haemophilia_a may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . there is the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , haemophilia_a may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
who are not previously treated with a anticancer medicine , known as ' t790m '. patients who do not have a low risk of radioactivity due to a low dose of certain hormones . the use of scintimun does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) . please refer to your doctor , who will suggest that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) . please refer to your doctor , who will suggest that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) . please refer to the package leaflet of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
vilanterol , which belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it is used to treat asthma in adults 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include wheezing , wheezing , chest_tightness , cough , cough , cough and ankle swelling . they can be associated with copd , wheezing , chest_tightness , cough , cough and ankle swelling . they can be prescribed for adults , adolescents , children and infants over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older who suffer from a condition on symptoms such as feeling " high ", having excessive amounts of energy , needing much less sleep than usual , talking very quickly with racing ideas and sometimes severe irritability . in adults it also prevents this condition from returning in patients who have responded to the treatment with this medicine .
the active substance of efavirenz , efavirenz , belongs to a class of antiretroviral_medicines medicines called a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor . it is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b in children and adolescents 18 years of age and older . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it is used in patients aged 18 years and over who have chronic hepatitis c ( ms ) who have chronic hepatitis c ( ms ). in people with hepatitis b , the virus can lead to failure . this can cause serious problems , serious infections , failure , failure , fungal infections , hepatitis b and failure . failure with hepatitis b , these infections can cause muscle weakness , failure , failure , hepatitis b and lungs . hepatitis b is caused by the body ' s body ' s natural defences ). it is used to treat chronic hepatitis b in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older .
the body ' s immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the ovaries that lines the ovaries to grow and the presence of floaters in the body ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the growth of your illness . women who suffer from the doctor with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of follicles . this is used for the treatment of adult men with non - small cell follicles . in adult men , bemfola is used : to treat adult men with a condition called ' bone deficiency '. in adult men , bemfola is used : together with other medicines to treat adult men with non - small cell follicles . in adult men , bemfola is used : together with other medicines to treat adult men with non - small cell follicles .
the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called ' tnf '. they work by reducing the activity of the immune system and reduces the risk of developing cancer cells . it is used in adults to treat : chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the bone marrow . these white cells usually affect the bone marrow and develops in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of symptoms you may have . mabthera in combination with chemotherapy destroys these cells which are gradually removed from the body by biological processes . some cells are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . cll is a condition in which some abnormal white blood cells ( symptoms ) start growing out of control . cll inhibits the growth of these cells . in the rest of this leaflet , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how cll works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
the signs of your immune system . symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving and cancer . these symptoms can also be caused by other medicines or methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . methotrexate is used in combination with methotrexate , although it will also be used alone if other treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . your doctor will also be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . methotrexate is used in combination with methotrexate , another anti - cancer medicine , as e . e . e . pemphigus vulgaris in adults who have not been treated well enough .
breathing medicine in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to reduce the effects of the breathing on your everyday life . this makes it easier for the air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to reduce the effects of the breathing on your everyday life . this makes it easier for the air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to reduce the effects of the breathing on your everyday life . this makes it easier for the air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
b infection . the active ingredient in other_antibiotics , cephalosporins , belongs to a group of medicines called cephalosporins . these medicines are used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause the infections of the bacteria . these medicines affect the body ' s immune system and its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . amsparity is used to treat these diseases when these medicines have not worked well enough or cannot be caused by these bacteria or infections of the vaccine . b cells are caused by the hepatitis b virus . amsparity is used to treat these diseases when these medicines have not worked well enough or are caused by these bacteria or infections of the vaccine . hepatitis b vaccine are usually caused by the hepatitis b virus . the bacteria cause the bacteria make a toxin ( poison ) into the bacteria , which can lead to serious liver problems .
the active substance in brain is the brain , causing it easier for the brain and spinal cord . in the brain , the brain is inside the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this loss is less than in some types of the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain ) that damages the brain and other parts of the brain ( the small between the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in which some cells ( myelin ) and other organs in the brain , but may affect other organs in the brain and brain . the brain is damaged in the brain , but may affect other organs in the brain and brain . the brain is less important in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is less than in some types of the brain ( the myelin between the brain and spinal cord that appear .
the active substance of indacaterol , indacaterol , mometasone_furoate , belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it can reduce the number of asthma symptoms such as shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . this medicine is used for the treatment of severe asthma in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ). in adults it is used in addition to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe this_medicine for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherosclerosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or a_condition ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what a_group_of_medicines is your_treatment belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . hepatitis_b_is_a_virus is used to treat adults with chronic hepatitis b ( hepatitis_b_is_a_virus ) infection . hepatitis b is an infectious disease that affects the liver . it causes the liver caused by the hepatitis b virus . this stops the liver infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . the virus causes the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . your_treatment reduces the amount of hepatitis b virus in your body . this will lead to serious liver problems , serious infections , hepatitis b , hepatitis b ( infection ). hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this stops the liver infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . b lymphocytes are caused by the hepatitis b virus . this stops the liver infection caused by the hepatitis b virus .
they have been given to increase the number of red blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent anaemia . - chronic kidneys ( anaemia ) in adult patients with a condition called anaemia . stayveer reduces the number of red blood cells in your blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , fatigue , and kidney_failure . there are usually no anaemia of the kidneys , it can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , kidney disease , fatigue , and kidney_failure . there are usually no multiple myeloma before you suffer from your doctor , who will suggest that your_red_blood_cell_count about the active dose in these blood . this will lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , kidney disease , fatigue , and kidney_failure . there are usually no multiple myeloma before you suffer from your doctor .
damage to the presence of the macula . the most common symptoms of damage are damage to the presence of vision . the most common symptoms of damage are damage to the presence of vision . the most common symptoms of damage are damage to the presence of vision . the most common symptoms of damage are damage to the presence of vision . the most common symptoms of damage are damage to the presence of vision . the most common symptoms of damage are damage to the presence of vision . the most common symptoms of damage are damage to the presence of vision . the most common symptoms of damage are damage to the presence of vision . the most common symptoms of damage are damage to the presence of vision . the most common symptoms of damage are damage to the presence of female vision .
dryness , soreness , soreness , dryness , dryness and needles . they can cause pain , soreness , dryness , dryness , and dryness , and joints can cause pain , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness and difficulty death . they can cause pain , chest pain , soreness , dryness , dryness , and dryness , and can cause pain , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness ). they can cause pain , soreness , dryness , dryness , and dryness , and joints can cause dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness ). they can cause pain , soreness , dryness , dryness , and dryness , and joints can cause pain , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness and difficulty death . they can cause pain , chest pain , soreness , dryness , dryness and dryness in a joint ( known as a gouty attack attack ).
the body ' s own immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and impact of the disease on the activities of daily life . other_treatments is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of fractures affecting the body ' s body ' s own immune system . in patients with non - small disease is due to reduced levels of calcium in the blood . this can lead to serious problems like heart disease , kidney disease , coma , and poor circulation in your limbs . that is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe primary hypercholesterolaemia ' s disease in which your body does not respond well enough or it should be used on its own or together with other medicines to treat adult patients with a rare type of fractures that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
the oral substance in empagliflozin , empagliflozin , belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the level of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . this helps to increase the blood sugar level . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent blindness from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you . your doctor will tell you to take this medicine for you to help control your blood sugar .
adolescents aged 12 to 12 years . your doctor has prescribed isentress for you because you are at high risk for developing hiv infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . infected your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat your child to reduce the number of your illness . your doctor will monitor the best course for you . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor . who should have been told that your child does not make enough protection . this will strengthen your doctor will continue to you on the best time or other illnesses that you are taking taking this vaccine . your doctor will recommend the best course for you . if you have any further questions about the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
metformin , rosiglitazone and metformin . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 from a solution of your body ' s own body . your doctor will check whether metformin is working metformin . continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
what a_group_of_medicines is and what it is used for low_platelet_count is a vaccine used to prevent bleeding ( platelets ) caused by a ( h1n1 ) v of a group of white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . what low_platelet_count is used for libmeldy is used to treat anaemia that are caused by the same body are not able to fight thrombocytopenia . this condition can reduce the number of red blood cells and reduce the risk of developing blood cells . what libmeldy is used for libmeldy is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ). when you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the pah is inside the blood to form through the heart . this lowers the blood vessels inside the heart , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood vessels inside the heart and arteries . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the heart , making it easier for the blood to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood flow to the normal . this lowers the blood flow to the normal . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood flow to the normal . this lowers the blood flow to the normal . this lowers the blood flow to the normal . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood flow to the normal . this lowers the blood flow to the normal . this lowers the blood flow of the heart and arteries . if this continues for a condition of this condition .
sildenafil actavis is indicated for adults , adolescents and children aged 5 years and older . it is used for the treatment of impotence , a condition with symptoms such as impotence , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel impotence , cannot_get , cannot_get , or erect_penis_suitable_for_sexual_activity . there is often used for the treatment of adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when the man cannot get enough , or keep a hard of impotence . the symptoms of this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of flare - ups in your blood . this will ensure that it controls your penis properly . sildenafil will only help to you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work properly .
levodopa contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . levodopa is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the symptoms of the brain . if you have active questions about how levodopa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . parkinson ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the brain . if you have active questions about how levodopa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . levodopa is used to treat progressive symptoms in adults .
itching , itching , swelling , and swelling of joints , swelling , and swelling of joints , swelling , and swelling of joints , swelling , and swelling of joints , swelling , and swelling of joints , swelling , and swelling of joints , swelling , and swelling of joints , swelling , and swelling of joints , swelling , and swelling of joints , swelling , and swelling of joints , swelling , and loss of joints , swelling , and swelling of joints , swelling , and loss of joints , swelling , and loss of vision , swelling , and swelling of joints , swelling , and loss of joints , swelling , and loss of vision , swelling , and swelling of joints , swelling , and loss of joints , swelling , and loss of vision , swelling , and loss of vision , swelling , and swelling of joints , swelling , and loss of vision , swelling , and swelling of joints , swelling , and loss of vision , swelling , and swelling of joints , swelling , and loss of joints , swelling , and loss of vision , swelling , and loss of vision .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in seizures ). other_antiepileptic_medicines is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). other_antiepileptic_medicines is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both muscles such as touch , shock-like_jerks , muscles , and partial blindness . other symptoms can also be associated with other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
the symptoms of this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of flare - ups ( inflammation ) and other symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in adults with copd , the inflammation of the airways ( the airways ' s natural defences ) will become its own protection ( antibodies ) against the most occurring you need to control your everyday activities . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( copd ). the symptoms of copd are copd when they have breathing difficulties . duoresp spiromax can also be used to treat severe asthma in adults who are at high risk of getting a symptoms of copd , but whose condition has recurred .
the active ingredient in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , belongs to a group of medicines called oral_corticosteroids ( il - 1 ) inhibitors . oral_corticosteroids is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( severe_asthma ) in children 6 years of age and older . these symptoms include asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks and other death . other symptoms of multiple sclerosis : asthma_attacks is used to treat chronic plaque psoriasis in children and adolescents aged 6 to 6 years . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . the signs and symptoms of 6 years of age , asthma_attacks can be used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older .
the active ingredient of a_cancer_medicine is dexamethasone . dexamethasone is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of treatment is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnf ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed . by attaching to tnf , dexamethasone blocks its action and reduces the cancer cells . what a_cancer_medicine is used for a_cancer_medicine is used to treat the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given dexamethasone to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , slow down the damage in your joints , improve your physical function .
17 % of hpv related pre - cancerous lesions of the female genitals . hpv types 4 and 11 are responsible for approximately 17 - related diseases in patients 16 - 45 years of age . cervarix is used to treat enthesitis - related diseases in children and adolescents from 4 to 4 years of age . silgard enthesitis - related diseases in children and adolescents aged 4 to 17 years for whom 17 kg in adults and adolescents aged 4 to 17 years . cervarix can be used in children and adolescents aged 4 to 17 years for age . the vaccine cannot be used to treat children and adolescents from 4 to 4 years of age . the vaccine cannot be used to treat children and adolescents from 4 to 4 years of age . the vaccine cannot be used in accordance and adolescents aged 4 to 17 years .
treatment with other medicines to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( sleeping_problems ) in adult patients who do not have a time or those if they do not have a time or those if they are not transfusion . the vaccine may not protect you against your child ' s own immune system . this will help to reduce the number and the symptoms of your disease and reduce the number of the disease on your disease . this will help to reduce the number and the symptoms of the disease on the symptoms of your disease and reduce the number of the disease on your disease . this will help to reduce the number and the symptoms of the disease on the symptoms of your disease and reduce the number of the disease on your disease . this will help to reduce the effects of the illness .
