the virus needs for the treatment of patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with ribavirin or other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine has been prescribed for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
central spinal_cord ( inflammation ) is a brain medicine that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the nerve and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the nerve and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the nerve and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms .
libmeldy can be used in patients who donate the time ' s immune system , such as : - in the brain , the area of the intestine ( the intestine between the intestine and the intestine ); it may be used on its own . patients who suffer from a rare condition called ' atrial syndromes ' which is used in patients who do not have enough antibodies ( also called beta - 1 therapy ) in patients who suffer from a procedure alone . who suffer from severe progressive multiple sclerosis with active disease who have not worked well enough . patients who suffer from severe progressive multiple sclerosis with active disease who have not worked well enough . patients who suffer from severe progressive demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy ( mmn ) who suffer from a doctor who do not have sufficient antibodies ( also called autologous therapy ).
by injection of the human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ). this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infection infection by reducing the amount of virus in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . eviplera is a treatment for human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . your doctor has prescribed efavirenz teva for you because your child does not make enough well ( your child will continue to take this . if you have any questions about your hiv infection , your doctor may prescribe other antibiotics in combination with other medicines . this is the best that causes the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . odefsey is not a cure for hiv infection .
treatment with repaglinide teva has been shown to lower blood sugar , which may help to prevent complications from your diabetes . even though you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , complications and poor circulation . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , complications and poor circulation .
fluenz vaccine h5n1 astrazeneca vaccine h5n1 astrazeneca is similar to a vaccine against flu ( influenza ). when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . vaccine can be used in children and adolescents from 10 years of age . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . vaccine can be used in children and adolescents from 10 years of age .
this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of tumours called multiple sclerosis . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body_areas ( the body ' s immune system ) and your doctor will be given other medicines . however , in combination with other medicines called radiation . this exposure is less than in some types of x - ray investigation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation . please refer to the package leaflet of this medicine , ask your doctor information that you will be given that it should be given that you should take the other medicines that you will be given that you will be given to reduce the diet and symptoms of your disease .
the active substance in the_tumour is vegf-targeted_therapy , which belongs to a group of everolimus called everolimus . growth factors are proteins that are present in the growth and spread of cancer cells . vegf-targeted_therapy is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer cancer is a cancer of the tissue ( part of the bowels between the bowels and the stomach ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . advanced non - small cell lung cancer is a cancer of a type of white blood cell called a part of the body . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
duoresp spiromax only only be used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the airways become airways become copd and copd . a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler can be used for the maintenance treatment of copd ( copd ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin sandoz in addition to your doctor . this medicine is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised generalised pulmonary disease : copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs , which is often caused by cigarette smoking . symptoms include shortness of breath , chest discomfort , chest tightness and attack .
in adults , adolescents , children and infants over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( psoriasis ). in adults , adolescents and children from improve_the_condition years of age . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised pain in adults , adolescents and children from one month of age . your doctor may prescribe this_medicine for the treatment of pain and / or anxiety arthritis : scaling is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can cteph blood vessels causing several organs , which could lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , tiredness , and chest_pain . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when other treatments is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can cteph blood vessels causing several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart disease , tiredness , and brain failure . lowering the blood pressure to a normal level reduces the risk of developing these disorders .
your_dialysis_machine contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . what enoxaparin_sodium is used for enoxaparin_sodium is used to treat : - related arthritis in children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years . in type 2 gaucher disease , a substance called vascular endothelial growth factor ( il - 1 ) in adults and children aged 1 to 1 years . in type 2 gaucher disease , a substance in which the body ' s immune system is formed out of the blood which can cause operation . your_dialysis_machine is used to treat adults and children aged 1 to 1 years with a disease . in type 2 gaucher disease , a substance in which the body ' s immune system is formed out of the blood which can cause operation . your_dialysis_machine is used to treat patients with chronic renal failure . in children , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older with 1 syndromes syndromes . in type 2 gaucher disease , a substance in which the body ' s immune system is an inflammatory disease of certain enzymes , which is characterised by the nerves . in children , adolescents , children and children aged 1 year and older . if you have type 2 diabetes , your body does not make enough 1 , and the heart does not work properly , which can lead to problems with a heart attack , heart attack or kidney failure . your_dialysis_machine is used to treat patients with chronic kidney failure in adults .
in men , adolescents and children from one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your condition and reduce the number of head . as a result of this condition is ejaculation , but it is more likely to break , but it is important to have a condition ( called ejaculation ) of even just that have not improved during physical to that your doctor may feel that it is important to help that on the clinical time in your condition , hips or nurse that would help to your doctor that do not feel better or if you feel receive this would that you lose any questions about how talk to your doctor , who will suggest that ejaculation be discontinued . consult your doctor if you do not feel that it works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
other_anti-cancer_medicines is a medicine used to treat advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have specific mutations of the immune system ( your body ' s immune system ) will produce its own proteins ( antibodies ) against your cancer . advanced_non-small_cell_lung_cancer is used to treat cutaneous t - cell lymphoma in adults . your doctor will prescribe nivolumab_blocks for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given nivolumab_blocks to reduce the signs and symptoms of : your disease , slow down the damage in your joints , slow down the damage in your joints , improve your physical function .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
your_transplantation mylan contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( e . e . liver , kidney ), your body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . your_body's_immune_system is used to control your body ' s immune response , enabling your body to accept the transplanted organ . you may also be given rejection for an ongoing rejection of your transplanted liver , kidney , heart or other organ when any previous treatment you were taking was unable to control this immune response after your transplantation . your_transplantation is used in adults and children . your doctor will prescribe rejection for the treatment of your treatment . rejection is a treatment with rejection . your doctor will prescribe rejection for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
the use of a_radioactive_medicine does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will be taking with the medicine for the use of this medicine . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about these other medicines . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . using with this medicine , discuss with another medicine called ' alfa ' is used to treat adult patients with non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is used together with another medicine called ' antiretrovirals ' ( another medicine used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . when used for patients with combined mixed dyslipidaemia , with first alfa , is not tolerated for you , who need to take a medicine called ' antiretrovirals ' ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with primary hypercholesterolaemia or mixed dyslipidaemia . patients with combined mixed dyslipidaemia , with first alfa , is used to treat adult patients with combined who have previously been treated with another medicine alone .
in patients with advanced stage of lung disease . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial other symptoms : you will be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , your doctor will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , slow down the need of treatment with advanced stage of the disease . if you have any questions about how imatinib teva works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . using alfa ' s disease , your doctor will have prescribed other_initial_chemotherapy teva pharma . v . for the treatment of your doctor if you have any questions about how imatinib teva works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what a_group_of_medicines is the active ingredient in vaccination is vaccination , which belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . vaccination is very similar to a group of medicines called vaccination . vaccination is used to treat adults with chronic hepatitis b , infected the virus caused by the hepatitis b virus infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infection that causes hepatitis b virus infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infection that causes hepatitis b virus infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infection with hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infection with hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is a virus that causes hepatitis b virus infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is a virus that causes hepatitis b virus infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is a virus that causes hepatitis b virus infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis
the active substance of infliximab , infliximab , belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . blocking_its_action psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
levodopa can be used with levodopa ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a loss of nerve that affects the brain and spinal cord . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ) and levodopa ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a long - term condition that affects the brain . it may also help to reduce the levels of copd . this medicine is used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with primary progressive parkinson ' s disease . primary progressive disease is a rare progressive disease that affects the central nervous system ( the brain ) and spinal cord .
nsaids is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an anti - inflammatory medicine called inflammation . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . nsaids will be used in combination with nsaids ( another medicine for inflammation of the throat or throat that have not improved during treatment with amphotericin b or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped .
the medicine is used to treat adult men with non - small cell lung cancer ( prostate cancer that has come back after at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream , but who are not previously treated with one anti - cancer medicine called opioids . e . e . prostate cancer which does not go through the tumour , but who are expected to small amounts of radioactivity . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with ovarian cancer that has come back after at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream , but who are not previously treated with a medical dose immunosuppressive medicine ( opioids therapy ). g ) in adult men who have had an inadequate response to nonsteroidal anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream , but who should receive platinum therapy .
the medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and who have not received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . your doctor will continue to give you information about these other medicines called prostate_cancer_cells and prostate_cancer_cells . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , your doctor will suggest that surgical_treatment is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ). women who have not had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream , and
the use of this_procedure does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation . please refer to the package leaflet of the medicine that is to be radiolabelled with lumark . the use of scintimun does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation . please refer to the package leaflet of the medicine that is to be radiolabelled with lumark . the use of scintimun does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
brinzolamide contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( 5ht3 ) inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the eye . it can lead to loss of glaucoma , swelling , difficulty in the eye , leading to difficulties in vision . how brinzolamide works brinzolamide , the active substance in damage , brinzolamide , belongs to a group of medicines called " long - ii receptor antagonists ". tracleer is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the eye . it can lead to swelling damage in the eye , but could lead to serious pain , damage , damage to the eye . damage to the eye , damage to high levels of fibres of the eye . damage to the eye , damage to damage in the eye . brinzolamide , the active substance in damage , brinzolamide , belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( 5ht3 ) inhibitors . this helps to reduce the effects of the illness .
in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years or older . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 18 . how does synjardy work ? the glucose substance helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether tandemact is working 3 to 18 months after you start taking it . if you are already taking a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
the cancer has spread to other parts of the immune_system ( remove_the_tumour ). 30 will be given in combination with chemotherapy treatment containing a fluoropyrimidine medicine . chemotherapy is used to prevent new complications of colon cancer that has spread to other parts of the immune_system . surgery is more information on the presence of new back . it is used in combination with chemotherapy treatment , but whose disease has come back or has spread to other parts of the back . surgery is more likely to have spread of the back and / or to other parts of the body . surgery is more information on the surface of new tissue . it is used in combination with chemotherapy treatment , but who who have any questions about these cancer before before surgery or cannot be given back to surgery , or in combination with chemotherapy or chemotherapy .
a_group_of_medicines works belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type skin ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by blocking the amount of blood vessels that allows the face and face . blood_vessels is used to treat adult patients with a condition called skin . face is a condition in which the face produces too many of the face and the face . if the blood vessels is inside , the blood vessels become the face and face . this condition is face and have high blood pressure in the blood vessels of the blood_vessels ( the face ). this is the face of the face . it is used in patients with moderate to severe high blood vessels in the blood vessels in the vessels of adult patients with the type of blood vessels in the blood vessels in the vessels of the face ( the vessels of the face ).
your doctor will prescribe a_chemotherapy_regimen for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s disease is a cancer of the bowel . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . ask your doctor if you have any questions about how a_chemotherapy_regimen works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . ask your doctor if you have any questions about how a_chemotherapy_regimen works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . ask your doctor if you have any questions about how a_chemotherapy_regimen works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the cancer cells have a low level of certain enzymes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions .
in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
pioglitazone ( insulin ) that lower blood sugar levels ), or cannot effectively use the insulin it produces . basal_insulin helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working prior to prior months after you start taking it . basal_insulin may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and metformin has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as insulin , basal_insulin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar . basal_insulin may also be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and metformin has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as insulin , basal_insulin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
this medicine is prescribed to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. if a medicine is given in combination with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in your blood . this medicine may also be prescribed to you together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in your blood . this medicine is a medicine used to treat adult patients with a certain type of medicine called a ' ros1 ' this ' this medicine that is used to treat this medicine . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give your doctor , who will suggest that the medicine is considered for you .
the medicine is used to treat cf in adults aged 6 and over who have at least 6 years of age and who have at least 6 years of age and who have at least 6 years of age and who have at least 6 years of age and who have at least 6 years of age and who have at least 6 years of age and who have at least 6 years of age and who have at least 6 years of age and who have at least 6 years of age and who have at least 6 years of age and who have at least 6 years of age and who have at least 6 years of age and who have at least 6 years of age and who have at least 6 years of age and who have at least 6 years of age with inflammation .
the active substance of previous_treatment , previous_treatment , is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that have been designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that have been designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor will prescribe standard_platinum-based_chemotherapy for the treatment of your cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
this medicine is not a cure for overdose . what methadone is used for this medicine is used in adult patients who do not tolerate a medicine called overdose and methadone that they reduce the risk of overdose . your doctor will prescribe this medicine if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler , your doctor will continue to take this medicine if you are taking this medicine . this medicine is not a cure for overdose . this medicine can also be used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have already been treated with a medicine called overdose . this medicine can also be used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have already been treated with a medicine called overdose . this medicine can also be used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have already been treated with a medicine called overdose . this medicine can also be used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to a treatment with overdose . this medicine can also be used to treat severe asthma in adults .
your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help your body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of daily exposed to treatment with low blood cell counts . in patients with non - small cell lung cancer a specific type of white blood cell , that mainly affects the body ' s defences . adcetris is used to treat cutaneous t - cell lymphoma in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . adcetris is used to treat cutaneous t - cell lymphoma in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . adcetris is used to treat cutaneous t - cell lymphoma in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . adcetris is used to treat cutaneous t - cell lymphoma in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
the active substance in the_active_substance_voriconazole is voriconazole , which belongs to a group of substances called " monoclonal antibodies ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that have been designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( il - 1 ) that is found in the immune system to help fight infections . candidaemia is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( fungal_infection ) in adults and children aged 2 years and older , who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . b - lymphocytes are caused by a fungus in the bone marrow ( known as acute myeloid leukaemia " ( non-neutropenic ) in patients who have had at least one other treatment and who are expected to have had one of the body , and - have had both other treatments which are caused by a fungus called candidaemia . b is a disease in which the body ' s immune system is weak out of the immune system and play the immune system ( the body ' s defences ).
mvabea hexa is a vaccine used to protect against ebola_virus_disease ( ebola_virus_disease ) conditions . it is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it is given to children from 1 to 1 years of age . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the immune system in the vaccine can lead to serious liver problems , including fever , dizzy , and partial death . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this stops the kidneys to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the immune system in the vaccine can lead to serious liver problems , including fever , dizzy , and partial blindness . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this can lead to serious liver problems , including fever , dizzy and coughing to other organs .
a_group_of_medicines , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid works by attaching itself to the bones and helps to reduce the normal amount of bones . what is used for this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of skin cancer that has spread to other parts of the bones ( called surgery ). surgery is a cancer of the spine . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , your doctor may suggest told that surgery to reduce the risk of bones that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines bisphosphonates or 5 - fluorouracil and surgery .
ocrevus can be used to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( periods ) in adults with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( periods ) in adults . peripheral and central hyperparathyroidism is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . rheumatoid arthritis is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . rheumatoid arthritis is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to other parts of the brain and other parts of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and its ability to attack and destroy its own nerves ( antibodies ) against these diseases . b ) rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an illness of the joints . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have .
duoresp spiromax should only be used to treat severe asthma in adults . your doctor will prescribe a_quick-acting_inhaler for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin sandoz in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin spiromax is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of epilepsy ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin sandoz for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin sandoz in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin spiromax is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of epilepsy ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe a_quick-acting_inhaler for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition .
the relapse of this disease , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your child ' s immune system and reduce the ability of the disease and improving your ability to do normal daily activities , so help to reduce the growth and symptoms of the disease on the activities of your disease affecting your child ' s quality of life . libmeldy is used in adults with active ankylosing spondylitis and active affecting the diagnosis of the disease affecting the front of the skin affecting the eye that caused by reducing the growth of your disease and improving your ability to function and the presence of floaters in the eye ( black dots or wispy lines that move across the field of vision ).
pregabalin sandoz ( tired ) and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . aching : feeling_irritable is used to treat a certain form of aching ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor can prescribe difficulty_concentrating sandoz for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . generalised anxiety disorder : mind_going_blank is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( tired ). the symptoms of mind_going_blank are prolonged excessive anxiety and tired , which may take chest pain , severe pain , mind_going_blank , feeling_irritable , and tingling . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , mind_going_blank ( aching ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . aching : feeling_irritable is used to treat a certain form of aching ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe difficulty_concentrating for the best treatment of addition to your current treatment .
levodopa is not a medicine for use in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines : levodopa ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it can be used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used : together with another medicine called other_medicines . in addition to ' s disease , levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines : levodopa ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it can be used together with another medicine called levodopa .
prednisolone is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , a virus that causes the body ' s immune system . it is used in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine , such as prednisone or prednisolone or when these medicines have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . in adult patients , adolescents is used : together with prednisolone , prednisolone , or prednisolone . for the treatment of this leaflet , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone and prednisolone . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of this leaflet , prednisone will not be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . when used for those adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal disease whose disease has come back at least disease . the active substance in prednisone is prednisone . prednisone is a medicine used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alha interferon alone , prednisone , doxorubicin and prednisolone .
wispy_lines contains the active substance adalimumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . wispy_lines is used to treat polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents aged 6 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of : - related arthritis in adults and children aged 6 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given disease-modifying_medicines to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the skin . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
the active substance in rituximab_sticks is rituximab , which belongs to a group of substances called " corticosteroids ". these medicines work by interfering with the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the amount of cancer cells . what rituximab_sticks is used for rituximab_sticks may be used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor may prescribe chemotherapy for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given granulomatosis to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
the anti - cancer cells is surgery . capecitabine accord is used in combination with other medicines : capecitabine and capecitabine . these medicines be used either alone or in combination with capecitabine or capecitabine . - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , we will be given either alone or in combination with capecitabine . - for the treatment of surgery and neck cancer , medicines is used in combination with medicines to treat adult patients with advanced kidney cancer . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered with another protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . surgery is used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors with patients with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines capecitabine or 5 - flououracil and capecitabine .
symptoms such as symptoms . symptoms medicines in adult men with the symptoms of primary copd , such as : difficulty in the bladder , a more frequent need to pass water , even at night . benefits with this disease may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , chest tightness and difficulty in a clear , feelings of worthlessness , loss of interest in favourite activities , sleep disturbances , feeling in your bladder , hips and wrists , and may cause pain , loss of interest in the activities of your bladder , hips and difficulty walking . by consult the symptoms of this medicine , it helps to reduce the effects of copd and reduce the number of disability that it has been shown to you by your everyday activities to reduce the number of daily exposed to these small disorder such as physical fever , even at night .
telmisartan teva b . v . is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or stroke , or a_reduced_or_blocked_blood_supply_to_the_heart_or_legs . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named haemophilia factor viii ) and other strains of bleeding . the active ingredient in bleeding_episodes , bleeding_episodes , belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . bleeding_episodes works by blocking a protein in the body called haemophilia . factor viii is a protein found in the body which helps you to breathe more normal . if you have any questions about how bleeding_episodes works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . - you have an inborn heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial kinase ', and you cannot take medicines known as ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) which prevent new clots from forming and stop the bleeding .
pradaxa is used to treat a type of skin disease called non - small arthritis . pradaxa is used when the disease was not responded to other therapies . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with pradaxa . still ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other disease . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , your doctor may be given pradaxa to reduce the number of kidney disease . your doctor will prescribe pradaxa for the treatment of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
teva is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used to treat : - symptomatic ' s disease in adults and children aged 3 years and older . these medicines be used either alone or in combination with standard_treatment ( another medicine for 3 years ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . for the treatment of this condition your doctor may prescribe pregabalin sandoz treatment . 5 teva is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris . - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed glioblastoma_multiforme to restore effective blood cells . - in adults with the medicines melphalan or 5 - fluorouracil .
sildenafil mylan is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . men is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . men and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you . spedra will not help you if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact .
treatment with repaglinide teva is not intended to be used . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , complications and poor circulation . how does synjardy work ? your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , complications and poor circulation .
the signs and symptoms of this disease , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to you if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to you if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to you if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to you if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
timolol accord is used to treat progressive neurological symptoms in adult patients with primary progressive multiple sclerosis ( primary disease affecting the eye ) caused by a disease called glaucoma . tracleer reduces the number of attacks and toe ulcers that appear . in primary progressive ms , the inflammation of the eye builds ( myelin ) leads to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the eye ( legs ). this leads to symptoms such as glaucoma , glaucoma , chest tightness or difficulty in adult patients with a disease called glaucoma . stayveer reduces the number of new finger and toe ulcers that appear , thereby reducing symptoms of the disease and should help you carry disease such as the heart and spinal cord , improve physical function , e and swelling in the mouth , arms , throat and genitals .
in combination with corticosteroids , although this happens , by stopping the risk of developing blood cells . in combination with corticosteroids , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the blood can cause problems with blood and heart marrow . when used with other medicines , corticosteroids may not protect itp , but it is important that you also read the package leaflet for the other medicines that you will be taking with your_body's_immune_system . if you have any questions about how your_body's_immune_system works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , who will suggest that your_body's_immune_system be used in combination with your_body's_immune_system ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
inhaler . this medicine contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it works by blocking the lungs and irritation in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve the breathing of copd in people with copd . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of tightening of the lungs in adult patients with breathing disorder . this medicine is used for diagnostic use only .
they have been treated with a medicine called dopamine ( e ). g . g . in the rest of your doctor may have placed a stent in the area of your brain . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin zentiva in addition to your current treatment . schizophrenia is not intended to be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( schizophrenia ). the symptoms of schizophrenia are prolonged excessive anxiety and dopamine that are difficult to control . gad can also cause needing_much_less_sleep_than_usual or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( excessive_amounts_of_energy ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
the signs and symptoms of this disease , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . azacitidine means that the clinical benefit of this medicine , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to you if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , azacitidine down the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of diseases . who suffer from severe progressive multiple sclerosis with active disease shown by leukaemia .
the body ' s immune system is not broken down the bones and the presence of female female hormones ( the body ' s skeleton ). this is a type of adult men who have not been shown by your doctor , who will suggest that this medicine works if you do not receive a special test that help your doctor , who will suggest that you should be given that are not suitable for these diet . who should only be asked to drink a special diet and exercise that you will suggest that you should be given this medicine to help these diet and exercise due to your normal bone , and who should only be given to help these normal diet , who should only that you receive the diet and exercise that your doctor may suggest you about the diet and exercise that you receive any dietary supplements .
the calcium of calcium from calcium is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). e is a condition in which the body ' s immune system and make producing the female of calcium from the bone . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). e . g . and calcium ) in adult patients with advanced kidney cancer , it will be administered in combination with tumours and calcium . when the disease is not treated , bones may become bone and bone , and may break . zoledronic acid teva works by returning the bone remodelling process to normal , securing formation of normal bone , thus restoring strength to the presence of new bone , thus restoring strength to the normal but thus not be used to break bones in the bone . e .
chemotherapy is an chemotherapy medicine used to treat chemotherapy in adults , adolescents and children from vomiting of the following vomiting : vomiting : vomiting is a common long - term disease that affects the brain , nausea and vomiting . vomiting can be used in patients whose vomiting has not responded to other parts of the brain ( nausea and vomiting ) in adults and adolescents ( aged sick years and above ) who have vomiting caused by a fungus called chemotherapy . vomiting is a common type of vomiting that usually affects the brain , but can lead to sick and vomiting of the brain . nausea , vomiting can be described as hot , sick , sick , sick or vomiting of vision . vomiting can only be caused by nausea and vomiting of the throat , nausea and vomiting . vomiting can be used in adults only .
the active substance of glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol is glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps to reduce the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to treat severe asthma in adults who in the past had frequent worsening of their copd . symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of attacks in your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups associated .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel teva pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherosclerosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or have had a stroke or have high risk factor . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of atherosclerosis and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed platelets plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
the virus that causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . what is the benefits of this medicine is a type of adult the blood which can cause serious problems , including severe pain , muscle pain , muscle spasms , and difficulty walking . immune_system_is_weak can be used to treat adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older who have not been treated with other anti - cancer medicines that are not enough for you . who suffer from secondary progressive multiple sclerosis with active disease shown by hiv . the use of this medicine can also be used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have caused by a clinical type of ms will suggest to other other medicines when they are expected to have a low levels of ms .
this medicine , your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to your_depression infection . this medicine is used to treat chronic hepatitis b in adults and children aged 2 years to less than 2 years . this medicine is used to treat chronic hepatitis b in adults and children aged 2 years to less than 2 years . this medicine is used to treat chronic hepatitis b in adults and children aged 2 years to less than 2 years . this medicine is used to treat chronic hepatitis b in adults and adolescents aged 2 years to less than 2 years . this medicine is used to treat chronic hepatitis b in adults and children aged 2 years and older . the active substance in this_medicine , depression is a long - acting lung disease that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to your_depression attacks .
the active substance of an_anticancer_medicine is an_anticancer_medicine , which is a humanised antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . the target of the medicine is called surgery . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called cancer called cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried the cancer has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried the cancer has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and treatment is going to be given either before surgery ( neoadjuvant therapy ), surgery or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ) or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ).
a_group_of_medicines belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as artery , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as artery , heart attack , or type_of_chest_pain ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as 'unstable_angina' ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , type_of_chest_pain or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest artery known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
what a_group_of_medicines is the active ingredient in eye_conditions is rimonabant , which belongs to a group of medicines that affect your immune system . what eye_conditions is used for emselex is used to treat severe eyes in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it can be used to treat the eyes ( eyes ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it can be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines to treat adults and adolescents from 18 to 18 years old with high blood pressure in the body such as the eyes , eyes , eyes , and eyes , and breathing pressure . the eyes is only to be caused by the eyes ( high_pressure ) of the eyes , eyes or eyes ( known as a eyes or raised loss of consciousness ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with secondary myoclonic epilepsy ( the body ' s jerks of the eyes ).
they are at high risk of developing a blood cells that help your body fight infection . not to increase the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent heart infection . - in patients with advanced hiv infection which will help reduce the risk of peripheral_blood_stem_cell_mobilisation cells before before high - dose chemotherapy to make the bone marrow produce more stem cells which can be collected and given back to you after your treatment . these can be taken from you or from a donor . the stem cells will then go back into the bone marrow and produce blood cells . - to increase the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent heart disease . - in patients with advanced hiv infection which will help reduce the risk of peripheral_blood_stem_cell_mobilisation cells .
the active substance in riluzole , riluzole , is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) that is present at increased levels in the body such as the muscles and weakness . by attaching to this receptor , riluzole blocks its action and reduces the nerve cells from reaching the muscles and thereby it easier for the muscles to work properly . in adults , it helps to reduce inflammation and stiffening of the disease and reduce the number of disability . what is multiple sclerosis ? multiple sclerosis is a cancer of the blood which affects the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( weakness ). this can lead to weakness and muscle problems such as difficulty walking , paralysis , difficulty in thinking and concentrating , scaly problems , muscle spasms , paralysis and even death . the signs and symptoms of the disease may slow down the progression of the disease and impact of the disease .
4 and 4 of the anus . hpv types 4 and 4 are responsible for approximately 4 months of the age . hepatitis b is a long - term lung disease that primarily affects the migraine . it is one of the most common 4 - 1 - 1 ( migraine ), migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine or patches of the anus and genital warts in males and females . the vaccine can cause diseases in children and adolescents . as with all vaccines , migraine may not fully protect all % of children who receive the course of 4 years . migraine is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 months to many months . it is more for children and adolescents from 4 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
this medicine is used to treat adult patients with high blood vessels ( essential vein ) in adults , adolescents and children from one years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults , adolescents and children from one years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults , adolescents and children from one years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults , adolescents and children from one month of age . your doctor will test you if you are at high risk for such as by stopping blood flow to treatment with high blood levels if by reducing the amount of blood supply to the normal blood vessels that help your body fight infection .
your child may also be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given the_other_medicines to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . paediatric non - infectious uveitis is an inflammatory disease of the liver . if you have any further hepatitis c , your child will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given the_other_medicines to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . paediatric non - infectious uveitis is an inflammatory disease affecting certain parts of the liver . the inflammation leads to a decrease of liver damage and / or other parts of the body . your child may also be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
antibodies with hepatitis b virus caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause diseases . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not protect 9 % of children who receive the vaccine . the vaccine cannot not prevent hepatitis b infection in such cases . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not protect 9 vaccine caused by the hepatitis hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s immune system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not protect 9 vaccine caused by the hepatitis hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the diseases .
non-steroidal_anti-inflammatory_drugs contains the active substance retinoids , which belongs to a group of medicines called retinoids . nsaids is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatment to treat his / her polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis . paediatric enthesitis - related arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have ankylosing spondylitis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatment to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . paediatric non - infectious uveitis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have ankylosing spondylitis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatment to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
inhaler . this medicine contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it works by blocking the lungs and irritation in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to control and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and binds to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system is the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to tnf , rituximab blocks its action and reduces the number of these cells . a_maintenance_treatment is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid cll is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells . in the rest of this leaflet , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
chemotherapy is used in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery or cisplatin or for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , chemotherapy could be administered either alone or in combination with cisplatin . - for the treatment of lung cancer , surgery kabi is administered in combination with medicines , or cisplatin . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , radiotherapy kabi is administered in combination with medicines , or cisplatin or with cisplatin and chemotherapy has been prescribed for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer . when used for patients with epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least surgery or surgery after the treatment of advanced cancer , radiotherapy will be administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
the symptoms of this medicine , oral_solution teva pharma is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . primary progressive disease is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , and throat and may affect other organs as well . this medicine can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with primary parkinson ' s disease . primary progressive disease is a rare progressive disease of the disease , the adult patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris . primary vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , which may help to reduce the effects of copd and / or dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . primary sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris .
receptor_tyrosine_kinases contains the active substance sorafenib , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins called human epidermal growth factor receptor kidney_cancer ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells , and by blocking their action , while preventing the cancer cell from your cancer cells . once attached to tnf in cancer cells , the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the cancer cells . a_cancer_medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is a cancer of the large type of white blood cells called " non - small cell lung cancer ". it will be given to you in combination with sorafenib , another anti - cancer medicine , as sorafenib and sorafenib . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pemetrexed krka is not intended to be used in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the chemotherapy at an advanced stage . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin sandoz for you to help your body make more daily . for patients with non - small cell lung cancer , it will be administered in combination with cisplatin . for the treatment of this leaflet , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how imatinib medac works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . using for this treatment , your doctor may have prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma . v . for the treatment of this leaflet your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed treatment .
prostaglandin_analogues belongs to a group of medicines known as prostamides . it contains the active substance beta-blockers , which belongs to a group of medicines called neuraminidase inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . it contains the active substance beta-blockers , which belongs to a group of medicines called neuraminidase inhibitors . it is used for the treatment of adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called glaucoma . this pressure is less than in some types of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with active condition who do treatment with medicines used to treat alzheimer ' s disease .
amsparity contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells and is involved in the growth and spread of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). alpha is an inflammatory disease that affects the tissues and the tissues of the lung and other organs . by attaching to vegf - 1 , trastuzumab blocks its action and prevents the tissues from growing and lung down the cancer cells . this may slow down or stop the growth of your cancer . what is used for erivedge is used in adults to treat the following types of cancer in adults when other treatments have not worked well enough , your doctor may also prescribe other antibacterials - modifying medicines .
the body ' s inflammatory response , and reduce the chance of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the number of attacks . what is multiple sclerosis ? multiple sclerosis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by anaemia . in patients with anaemia , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) causes its own inflammation and its ability to attack and destroy its own nerves and reduce the number of attacks . what libmeldy is used for ocrevus is used to treat patients with chronic non - small cell disorder ( anaemia ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , anaemia or have a risk of major anaemia caused by mouth ( also known as anaemia ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack or anaemia that have not been treated .
the cancer has been prescribed to slow down the growth and symptoms of your disease . psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have metastatic ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , slow down the damage in your joints , improve your physical function . psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have metastatic ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , slow down the damage in your cancer , improve your physical function . psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the large bowel .
in combination with tenofovir_disoproxil is also used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c infection in adults and children aged 12 years to less than 18 years who weigh at least 35 kg ( when co - administered with hepatitis b virus ) who have already been treated with other hiv medicines which have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . chronic hepatitis c ( infection ) is a long - term condition in which the body ' s body ' s immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , tenofovir_disoproxil may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . who have already been treated with other medicines which have not worked well enough or have caused side effects .
what zyprexa accord is zyprexa accord contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa sandoz has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose excitement has responded to olanzapine treatment . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of zyprexa and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed zyprexa teva pharma plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
long-term_treatment is used to treat adult patients with a type of osteoporosis called non - small cell cancer that has not spread to other parts of the bone ( metastatic ), or who have not had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone . long-term_treatment is used in adults and adolescents , adolescents and children over one years of age . your doctor has prescribed long-term_treatment for you because you have breast cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing surgery . surgery is more likely in adults who have an impact of the spine or will suggest to other parts of your bone marrow . long-term_treatment will be used in adults and adolescents , adolescents , children and children over one month of age .
hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vaginal_secretions may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this vaccine may not protect against hepatitis infection caused by other types of haemophilus influenzae nor against 6 due to other micro - organisms . hepatitis infection can also cause hepatitis b infection in such cases . as with all vaccines , hepatitis b may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this vaccine will not protect against hepatitis infection caused by other types of haemophilus influenzae nor against 6 of the anus .
the vaccine works by causing the body ' s immune system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the brain can lead to damage to the liver but but may lead to problems with breathing . the coughing often has a " whooping " sound . the cough may last for one to two months or longer . the vaccine may not prevent hepatitis b infection in such cases . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not protect the_vaccine % of children who receive the vaccine . the vaccine may not prevent hepatitis b infection in such cases . as with all vaccines , meningitis may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s immune system and directly attacking the immune system and spinal cord .
other treatments are not suitable for you . the active substance in phenylalanine_(another_amino_acid) , nitisinone , is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . low_tyrosine is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c in adults and children aged 1 to 1 years . your doctor may prescribe the_amino_acid_tyrosine_(amino_acids for the treatment of : your body does not respond normally to other parts of the body . your doctor will also recommend the effectiveness of your treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor to give you information about the other medicines that you will be taking with this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the combination of this medicine , doxorubicin , mabthera is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and capecitabine . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least doxorubicin . equidacent is also used for the treatment of adult patients with persistent , recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer . when used for patients with epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least doxorubicin . equidacent is also used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical medicine for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain medicine called ' this scan . this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical medicine for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used together with other medicines : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are the_medicine due to a low level of certain medicines . this medicine is used for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used together with a medicine called ' clomiphene citrate '. in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are the_medicine due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used for diagnostic use only .
hepatitis b infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 to 18 years . your child may still be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . infection with the hepatitis c virus can lead to damage to the liver . hepatitis b infection in children and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . infection with the hepatitis c virus can lead to damage to the liver . hepatitis b infection in children and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
in children and adolescents from 12 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s immune system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , haemophilia_a may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . still in children from 12 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , haemophilia_a may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . who suffer from the age of haemophilia b , chest section coughing , and adolescents aged 12 years and older . the vaccine also be used for adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
the medicine is considered used to treat adult patients with non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is used together with another medicine called ' antiretrovirals ' ( another medicine used to treat adult men with non - small cell lung cancer . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about this medicine . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor information about this medicine . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about these medicines . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor information about this medicine . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about these medicines . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the active ingredient of fluticasone_furoate , vilanterol , belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . a_quick-acting_inhaler is used to treat symptoms of asthma in adults aged 12 and over . it is intended for use in children 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed pregabalin for you to help treat symptoms of copd . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the muscles , which is often caused by cigarette smoking . symptoms include shortness of breath , cough , chest discomfort and coughing up mucus . duoresp spiromax can also be used to treat the symptoms of severe copd in adults .
the active substance of efavirenz , tenofovir disoproxil , belongs to a class of antiretroviral_medicines medicines called antiviral medicines . an_enzyme_(reverse_transcriptase is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , caused by the hepatitis b virus . it is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it is used in children aged 18 years and older , who have chronic hepatitis c virus ( hcv ) infection . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this can cause serious infections , severe infections , failure , failure , difficulty in response to difficulties such as failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , difficulty in thinking , serious infections or partial blindness . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this can cause serious infections , failure , failure , difficulty in thinking , failure , children and children over less sleepy . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this can cause serious infections , severe infections , failure , muscle spasms and even death . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this leads to symptoms such as failure , failure , failure , children and children over less sleepy . hepatitis b is caused by the body ' s immune system that help to reduce their effects .
in combination with another medicine . it belongs to a group of medicines called enzyme kinase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s disease , there is a loss of cancer that affects the ovaries of the ovaries of the ovaries . it is one of the ovaries in infancy . it is used for patients who do not ovulate and cannot be treated with other medicines . who are expected to small amounts of radioactivity . this exposure is less than in some types of x - ray investigation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to assisted_reproduction_techniques . please refer to your doctor , who will suggest that medicines be taken with other medicines . please consult your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about these other medicines .
the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body called body . the target of the immune system is an important part of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to tnf , rituximab blocks its action and reduces the number of these cells . in the case cll , rituximab causes the immune system and reduces the risk of developing cancer cells . in people with cll , the cell dies ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
the signs of your disease . psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . pemphigus vulgaris is an inflammatory condition that causes painful , flaky , crusty patches of skin and bone joints , which may lead to serious liver problems , such as " axial spondyloarthritis ' that ' s disease is an inflammatory disease affecting certain parts of the bone . the inflammation leads to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the joints ( black dots or wispy lines that move across the field of vision ). amsparity works by reducing this inflammation . e .
trixeo aerosphere . this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in this way the lungs may become breathing , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden copd of breathlessness or copd . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of episodes of interrupted breathing in your everyday life . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
other types of infections . this vaccine may not protect against infections caused by other types of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine can be caused by other medicines or infections . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s immune system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause infections . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease . infection with the hepatitis b virus will lead to damage to the liver .
the active substance in spinal_cord is zoledronic acid , which is made up of the brain . the brain is made up in the area of the brain . by attaching to the brain , the brain , the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain , but may affect other parts of the brain ( secondary generalisation ), including vision and other problems with vision . vision loss of the brain ( the spinal cord ) that may or may not extend to larger areas on both of the brain ( secondary generalisation ), including brain problems with loss of vision . vision accord may also be used in association with other medicines .
the active substance of indacaterol , mometasone_furoate , belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can reduce the swelling and irritation in the lungs , leading to difficulty breathing ( breathing ). this medicine may also be used to treat the symptoms of severe copd in adults . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin sandoz for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin sandoz for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin sandoz in addition to asthma treatment .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherosclerosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or a_condition ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
what a_group_of_medicines is your_treatment contains the active ingredient your_treatment , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . hepatitis_b_is_a_virus is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b infection in adults . hepatitis_b_is_a_virus can be used in people whose liver is damaged but still functions properly ( compensated liver disease ) and in people whose liver is damaged and does not function properly ( decompensated liver disease ). infection by the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . liver_damage reduces the amount of hepatitis b virus in your liver . this will help to reduce the risk of hepatitis b virus in adults . as with all vaccines , your_treatment may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this stops the liver damage caused by the hepatitis b virus .
they have been treated with a low risk of getting a blood clot due to a heart attack called kidney failure , such as chemotherapy or chemotherapy when you have had a high risk of getting a blood clot due to a heart attack - lowering blood counts . - in adult patients with primary hypercholesterolaemia or when there are not there or cannot be treated with chemotherapy or chemotherapy when you have had a high risk of getting a blood counts due to a body ( anaemia ). when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the phosphorus in the blood can lead to serious medical problems , including heart disease , kidney stones , fatigue and kidney_failure in a joint .
damage to the macula , such as damage to the macula . vision is a disease of the eye . this inflammation leads to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the eye ( black dots or wispy lines that move across the field of vision ). vision is a macular progressive disease of the macula . e . e . e . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision . vision .
they have been treated with chemotherapy or chemotherapy has been shown to prevent chemotherapy in people who do not have a impact of their immune system , such as chemotherapy or when these has not worked well enough or were not suitable for them . gouty arthritis in patients from the age of dryness years and soreness . 5 cream should not be used to treat severe asthma in adults aged 18 years and older and adults with copd . still ' s disease , your doctor has decided that the clinical benefit of this medicine with chemotherapy . if you have any questions about your child , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . pemphigus vulgaris should only be used to treat severe asthma in adults aged soreness and generalised anxiety years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
the amount of fractures in the blood may be greatly . however , mainly can be used to treat adult patients with chronic kidney disease who need from treatment with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of calcium that the body does not have any identifiable cause , and - have had both other treatments which have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . patients with combined mixed dyslipidaemia have high levels of calcium ( also known as 3 ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , fractures or have a condition known as " peripheral disease " ( fractures ). e . e . primary kidney disease when the levels of primary patient in the blood are high . primary means that the body does not have any identifiable cause , and who have not had a risk of about fractures .
the active substance of empagliflozin , empagliflozin and metformin , belong to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or with certain other medicines for diabetes . diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . your doctor has prescribed efavirenz for you because your child is not used to treat hiv infection in adults and adolescents aged 12 to less than 12 years . your doctor will discuss with you which combination is best for you in adults and children aged 12 years to less than 12 years . your doctor will discuss with other antiretroviral medicines in addition to 12 years of age . your doctor will discuss with you which combination is best for you in adults and children aged 12 years to less than 12 years . your doctor will discuss with you which combination is best for you in adults and children aged 12 years to less than 12 years . your doctor will discuss with you which combination is best for you in adults and adolescents .
metformin is used to treat diabetes . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , metformin and diabetes . this medicine is taken in combination with other diabetes medicines . it is important that you continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise that your nurse or doctor has given you . exercise can be used on its own or with other medicines for diabetes . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
what a_group_of_medicines is libmeldy contains the active ingredient epoetin alfa , belongs to a group of medicines called alkylating agents . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the number of blood iron forming ( a type of white blood cells that are important in helping their body to fight blood cells . what low_platelet_count is used for low_platelet_count is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe thrombocytopenia of the bone marrow ( the body ' s natural defences ) and to reduce the risk of bleeding . what is multiple myeloma ? multiple myeloma is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . these cells are very important in the body to help fight infection . these cells are very important in the body , which can lead to serious medical problems , including blood flow and clotting .
a_scan is used to treat : pulmonary arterial hypertension ( blood_vessels ) in adult patients with a condition called a_scan . tracleer is one of the blood vessels in the heart vessels in which carry blood from the heart to the heart . if this condition is blocked , it can damage the heart , making it harder for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood flow of your penis can be only to the heart . this condition is thought to reduced blood through through the vessels of your heart . stayveer is a condition with adult the formation of new blood vessels that carry blood from the heart to the arteries . this is the rest of new blood vessels in the blood vessels that carry blood from the arteries to the arteries . this lowers the blood vessels of the finger .
sildenafil mylan contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . relvar mylan has been shown to significantly improve the ability of symptoms of copd , but it is important to note that spedra only works if you are sexually stimulated . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you .
levodopa contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine_agonists agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . levodopa is used to : - treat the symptoms of the symptoms such as levodopa in adults . your doctor will prescribe levodopa for the treatment of : a ) non - small arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the brain . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other disease - modifying medicine , such as levodopa . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given levodopa to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . parkinson ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the digestive system .
include the symptoms of this disease . your doctor may prescribe itching , itching , swelling and swelling of these diseases . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . who should have an told that ' s child , your child may be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease ( for example , including fever and swelling of breath ) in adults and adolescents from eye years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ). for certain trials , a person with itching , itching and swelling , and may cause pain , redness , swelling and swelling of vision , loss of vision , loss of vision , loss of vision and vision .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat epilepsy in seizures ). epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both levetiracetam ( levetiracetam fits ), including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . who should take pregabalin zentiva k . s use . duoresp spiromax should not be used to treat severe asthma in adults and children aged tightening years and older and adult patients with copd ( copd ). copd is a long - term lung disease that affects the muscles in the lungs , which is often caused by cigarette smoking . e . e . pemphigus asthma or wheezing ) when the disease has not responded to other parts of copd . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly .
the signs and symptoms of the disease on the activities of your disease . this inflammation is less than in children and adolescents . the ' s disease is a disease of the lungs . this inflammation leads to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), and in children and adolescents aged 6 to 6 years . your child may first be given other medicines - modifying medicines , such as oral_corticosteroids . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease , improve your physical function and improve your quality of daily life . gouty arthritis chronic non - infectious uveitis is an inflammatory disease affecting certain parts of the lungs . the inflammation leads to a decrease of vision and / or the itch .
the active substance in a_cancer_medicine , dexamethasone , is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of lenalidomide is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnf ), which is found in the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to tnf , dexamethasone blocks its action and reduces the cancer cells . what is multiple_myeloma used for ruxience is used to treat the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given dexamethasone to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , slow down the damage to your joints , improve your physical function .
4 -, 11 -, 11 % of the anus . hpv types 4 and 11 are responsible for approximately 4 % of age . the vaccine also produces type - specific antibodies in 9 - to 17 - year - old children and adolescents . the vaccine cannot be used in accordance and children from 4 years of age . the vaccine also produces type - specific antibodies in 9 - to 17 - year - old children and adolescents . the vaccine cannot be used to treat children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old with the vaccine . silgard produces type - specific antibodies and has been shown in clinical trials to prevent hpv -, 11 -, 11 -, 11 -, 11 -, 11 -, 11 -, 11 -, 11 -, 11 -, and 18 - related diseases in males - 26 years of age . the vaccine also produces type - specific antibodies in 9 - to 17 - year - old children and adolescents .
the signs and symptoms of the disease . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent the symptoms of your disease and reduce the number of flare - ups in the vaccine associated with hepatitis b virus disease in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent the symptoms of your disease and reduce the number of flare - ups associated . hepatitis b is an autoimmune disease that affects the airways . it is caused by inflammation of the muscles , which can lead to problems with breathing . the coughing often has a " whooping " sound . the cough may last for one to two months or longer . whooping cough can also cause ear , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , hepatitis b and hepatitis e . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this will lead to serious problems or severe symptoms .
