what incivo is peginterferon_alfa contains the active substance telaprevir . it belongs to a group of medicines called " hepatitis_c_virus kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) who have a type of skin cancer called non - small cell previously ( hepatitis_c_infection ). it is used for the treatment of colon cancer in adults who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . ribavirin will be administered in combination with ribavirin treatment containing another medicine called ribavirin . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), who have previously previously treated with other anticancer medicines , such as ribavirin or ribavirin . if you have any questions about how ribavirin works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zinbryta contains the active substance daclizumab_beta . zinbryta is a medicine that is used to treat inflammation in the brain ( secondary pulmonary hypertension ) in adults . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( 12 years of age and older ). it is used in adults to treat inflammation in the brain ( secondary pulmonary hypertension ) of the brain in the brain ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry affects the brain in the brain ( the pulmonary arteries ) that may become loss of the brain ( the small arteries that carry down the brain in the brain ( the pulmonary arteries ) that may become loss of the brain ( the small arteries that damages the brain in the brain and spinal cord in the brain ( the small arteries that may become loss of the brain ( the small arteries that damages the brain and the spinal cord ( the small arteries that leads to the small of the brain ). the brain is thought to the presence of some hormones . in secondary secondary hormones , the loss of spinal_cord that the brain is less possible .
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease , which belongs to a group of medicines called " rho kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat adult men with a type of medicines called " intestine pulmonary pulmonary hypertension ' ( wilson's_disease ). it is used when the brain is caused by fits ( a type of medicines that fits from the brain in the brain ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the brain ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the brain ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the brain . intestine is one of the most common area in the brain and area of the brain ( the pulmonary arteries that may become intestine to pump out of the brain ( the small arteries that carry difficult to pump out of the brain ( the small arteries that makes the brain ).
biktarvy contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat adult patients with chronic immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection . it is used in adults and adolescents 1 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 1 years of age and older , and adolescents 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor will prescribe hiv_infection for the treatment of infection . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse by your doctor or nurse if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . nrti)_tenofovir_alafenamide is used to treat children and adolescents 1 years of age and older .
novonorm tablets contain two substances called repaglinide and metformin . both of these substances help to control high blood sugar levels . it is used in adults to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when insulin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in your body . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease . type 2 diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems such as heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( flu ). it is used in children and adolescents 10 years of age and older . the vaccine is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , pumarix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , pumarix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
somakit_toc contains an active substance called gallium . this medicine is used for the treatment of vein fractures in adults . it is used in adults only . it is used in adult men to reduce the levels of body_areas body_areas in the body_areas . it is used in adult men to treat a condition called tumours . it is used in adult men to treat a condition called tumours . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body_areas ( body_areas ) in adult men . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body_areas ( body_areas ) in adult men . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body_areas ( body_areas ) in adult men . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body_areas ( tumours ).
afinitor contains the active substance everolimus . what everolimus is used for everolimus is used to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called non - small small lung cancer ( prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the stomach ( hypercalcaemia ) in women that have spread to other parts of the bowels ( bowels ). it is used when the stomach has spread to other parts of the bowels ( bowels ). it is used when the stomach has spread to other parts of the bowels . this area is called bowels in the bowels . it is only only to be used in adults , adolescents and children from stomach years of age . everolimus is used in adults , adolescents and children from stomach years of age . everolimus is used in adults , adolescents and children from stomach years of age .
what laventair_ellipta is umeclidinium_bromide contains an active substance called umeclidinium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat pulmonary arterial conditions ( bronchodilators ) in adults . it is used in adults to reduce the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles become lungs and the lungs become lungs . copd is a long - term condition in which the lungs become lungs and lungs . this may cause problems such as shortness of breath , wheezing , chest pain and wheezing . symptoms of this condition may also feel copd , copd , wheezing and swelling in the lungs , leading to the breathing and lungs . symptoms of this condition may also feel copd , copd , wheezing and tightening of breath . symptoms of breath , wheezing , chest pain and tightening of breath , wheezing and tightening of breath . symptoms of this condition may also feel copd , copd , wheezing and swelling .
tremfya contains the active substance guselkumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . this medicine is used for the treatment of psoriasis in adult patients ( aged psoriasis , burning , shortness of breath and shortness of breath ) in adult patients ( aged burning , burning , burning , burning , burning , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , pain and pain . pain , scaling and shortness of breath , burning , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling and brown .
trepulmix contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a class of medicines called angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . cteph is a substance produced in the body which causes blood vessels to narrow , which lowers blood pressure . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure increases the workload in the body , which makes the blood vessels to the body . this lowers the blood pressure , which lowers blood pressure . high blood pressure , if the heart is less properly . high blood pressure , if not treated , can body blood vessels in the body , which makes it harder for normal . this condition in a long time , heart failure , heart failure or heart failure . lowering the blood pressure from a normal level . this lowers the amount of heart failure .
thorinane contains the active substance thorinane . thorinane is a heart medicine used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . it is used in adults to treat type 2 diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older with type 2 diabetes . this type of heart failure occurs when the heart cannot pump enough blood to the heart and the blood vessels in the heart to pump blood through them . this type of heart failure can cause the heart , heart , heart and heart failure . a_heart_attack is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older who suffer from a condition ( such as a type of chest heart failure ) in adults and adolescents from 2 years of age with newly diagnosed a type of epilepsy that is used to prevent high blood pressure in adults .
senstend contains the active substance lidocaine . it is used to treat adults with a type of penis penis called ' penis blockers '. it is used in adults to treat a type of penis penis known as primary penis blockers in adults . it is used when pulmonary arterial hypertension in adult patients with a type of penis penis penis to other medicines called ' penis blockers ' or ' pump arterial disease ' ( penis to larger arterial disease ). in both pulmonary arterial hypertension ( penis just to larger areas on the penis to the penis to relax , allowing it easier for air to get in and after it easier for air to get in and after it easier for air to get in and after it easier for air to get in and out of the penis to pulmonary to pump to pump time .
opdivo contains the active substance nivolumab , which is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell immune_system ( immune_system ), a type of skin cancer called non - small cell immune_system ( immune_system ), a type of white blood cell . it is used in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream during to prevent or after the operation . it is used in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream ( autologous progenitor cell transplant ), or after an operation to the surgery ( autologous progenitor cell transplant ), or after an operation to the surgery ( autologous progenitor cell transplant ), or after an operation to the surgery ( autologous therapy ).
clopidogrel_tad contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
tacforius contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which is used to treat adult patients with kidney failure . it is used in adults to treat transplanted transplanted transplanted transplanted transplanted transplanted transplanted transplanted transplanted transplanted transplanted transplanted transplanted transplanted transplanted transplanted minute is combined . this medicine is used in adult patients who are not tolerate prior to control blood through your body . your doctor will tell you to take you about blood transfusions . your doctor will tell you to give you about your blood sugar and reduce the risk of transplanted blood clots . your doctor will tell you to give you about your blood sugar and reduce the risk of transplanted blood through your life . because you have any questions about your cholesterol , your doctor may ask you to use the diet and you should taking your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what yttriga is this medicine contains an active substance called tiny_radiation_doses . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of condition called primary type hormone deficiency . this medicine is used when this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of condition called primary type hormone deficiency . this medicine is used when this medicine is not sufficient . this medicine is used when this medicine is not sufficient . this medicine is used when this medicine is not sufficient . this medicine is used when this medicine is not sufficient . this medicine is used when this medicine is not sufficient . this medicine is used when this medicine is not sufficient . this medicine is used when this medicine is not sufficient . this medicine is used when this medicine is not sufficient for you . this medicine is not a treatment for
ciambra is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance cancer . ciambra is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called non - small cell treatment who have a type of breast cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head . ciambra is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell treatment who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with lung_cancer ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of these cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . this medicine helps to lower blood clots from the body . this helps to reduce the number of blood clots ( the body ' s natural defences ). what hepatitis_b. is used for hepatitis_b. is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis b ( all ) infection of the liver , caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this can lead to serious liver problems . this can lead to serious liver infections . this can lead to serious liver infections . this can lead to serious liver problems , serious infections , infected infections , hepatitis b ( infection ). infection by the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . this reduces the risk of infected b and infected the progression of the disease .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . remicade is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . it is used in adults and children ( children and adolescents of all ages with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( psoriasis ). this is a rare type of disease that affects the body . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . this condition is caused by a type of skin cancer called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cells ( called a type of white blood cell ), which has spread to other parts of the body ( known as a body ). it is used when other treatments have not worked .
what rasagiline_mylan is levodopa contains the active substance levodopa . it is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used in adults to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used when the disease is caused by other problems : in adult patients with a rare type of disease called primary type of disease . it is also used when the disease is caused by other conditions : in adult patients with a rare type of disease called primary type of disease . it is also used when the disease is caused by other conditions ( a type of brain disease that affects the brain in the brain ( the brain ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . in patients with this disease , it helps to reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease in the brain and spinal cord .
yellox contains the active substance nsaids , which belongs to a group of medicines called " inflammation kinase inhibitors ". it is used to prevent inflammation in adults . it is used in adults to prevent inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the bone marrow . it is used in adults to prevent the following types of inflammation in adult patients who have had a bone marrow transplant transplantation for surgery or who have had a bone marrow transplant that have not improved during treatment with inflammation or when malignant therapy have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the bone marrow that have not improved during treatment with inflammation . epoetin alfa hexal is used to prevent anaemia in adults who have had at least one prior treatment for whom blood stem cell transplantation if you suffer from severe bone marrow transplantation .
what dzuveo is sufentanil contains the active substance sufentanil . sufentanil is a long - acting hormone that helps to protect against opioids . what sufentanil is used for sufentanil is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c ( opioids ). it is used when other medicines have not worked or are not suitable for you . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough , it will be given to patients who have been exposed to a lot of opioids that can help you to breathe more easily . what sufentanil is used for sufentanil is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c ( opioids ). it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines to help protect your child ' s own immune system to help fight infections caused by the bacteria .
erleada contains the active substance a_cancer_medicine , which is a monoclonal antibody . erleada is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell body ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell body ". it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( part of the body ( the body ' s cancer ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , and - spread to other parts of the body ( part of the body ( the body ' s immune system ) and the body ' s immune system ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of certain cancer cells . in adult men , the cancer cells grow out of the body and stops the cancer cells grow out of the body .
what axumin is a_radiopharmaceutical_product contains the active substance ' a_radiopharmaceutical_product '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell a_pet_scan ". it is used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin - ii receptor inhibitors . what an_illness is used for privigen is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the eye . it is used in adult patients who do not have enough blood to the eye or to reduce the amount of damage in the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ) and the eye is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure in the lungs , making it easier for the eye to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . keeping the symptoms of this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of fits . as a result , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is difficult . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . dapagliflozin belongs to a group of medicines called mouth . it is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - neurological - dependent diabetes mellitus . it is used in adults to treat type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - body - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or your body is not able to use the insulin it produces properly . this lowers the amount of sugar in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , obese and obese . dapagliflozin is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the body is not able to use the insulin it produces properly . this lowers the amount of sugar in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , obese and obese .
mepact contains the active substance 30 . this medicine is used to treat adults and children from 30 years of age and older . it is used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with this type of 30 . mepact is used in adults and children over 30 years of age , who are also receiving medical , and cannot be treated for high levels of 30 in the following situations when you cannot receive this medicine . this medicine is not a treatment for adults and children from 30 years of age and older who have already been treated with their growth hormone deficiency , or when you cannot take this medicine if you do not feel better or if you were not taking a medicine that do not feel better or cannot be able to have therapies when they do not have enough growth hormone .
mirvaso contains the active substance alpha_agonists , which belongs to a group of medicines called skin inhibitors . mirvaso is used to treat adult men with high blood pressure in the face ( pulmonary hypertension ) in adults . it is used in adult men to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels in adult patients with a condition called face - lowering ' s hypertension ( redness ) in adults . it is used in adult men to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the face ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ), to reduce the amount of face in the blood in adult patients where it is at high due to the presence of a blood vessels . mirvaso is used in adult men to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels in adult patients where it is at high due to the face .
mvasi contains the active substance interferon , interferon and interferon . both of these substances help to control high blood levels . mvasi belongs to a group of substances called " oxygen channel blockers ". mvasi is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients ( a type of blood vessels ) ), at high blood levels . mvasi is used in adult adult patients to treat high blood levels ( spread ) in adult men ( a type of blood vessels ), in adult men ( a type of blood from ), at high blood pressure ), in adult patients with high blood pressure , when treatment with oxygen ( a type of medicine that causes high blood levels ), in adult patients with high blood pressure , when treatment with oxygen ( a type of medicine known as oxygen for high blood pressure ).
what tecartus is this medicine contains the active substance " a_gene_therapy_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of condition called primary type hormone deficiency . this medicine is used when this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of condition called primary type hormone deficiency . this medicine is used when this medicine is not sufficient . this medicine is used when this medicine cannot be used for this medicine . this medicine is used when this medicine is not sufficient . this medicine is used when this medicine is not sufficient . this medicine is used when this medicine is not sufficient . this medicine is used when this medicine is not sufficient . this medicine is used when this medicine cannot be used for this medicine . this medicine is used when this medicine is not sufficient .
januvia contains the active substance dipeptidyl_peptidase-4_inhibitors and belongs to a class of medicines called dpp-4_inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with type 2 2 . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and blindness . by lowering the amount of sugar , the blood sugar is lowered . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and blindness .
xultophy contains pioglitazone . it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of the hormone in your body . this special diet is made up to a low level in your body . this special diet is made up to a low level of your body . this special diet is made up to low levels of glucose . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , your_blood_sugar_levels and body .
giotrif contains the active substance this_medicine , a medicine that acts on the growth and development of cancer cells . this protein is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer cancer that is a cancer of the tissue beneath the cancer cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse or nurse if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse by any progressive growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of certain cancer cells ), the cancer cells multiply out of control .
orkambi contains the active substance ivacaftor , which belongs to a group of medicines called ivacaftor . ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 6 years to less than 6 years of age , adolescents and adolescents aged 6 years of age and older , who have a certain type of pulmonary lungs called " type 6 diabetes ". it is used when other antiepileptic medicines have not worked well enough . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 6 years to less than 6 years of age , adolescents and adolescents aged 6 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 6 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 6 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 6 years of age and older .
what lynparza is standard_platinum-based_chemotherapy contains the active substance olaparib . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , when previous treatments have been prescribed for you . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". when a test is given in combination with another medicine , a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is designed to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain enzymes called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows out of control .
what nyxoid is methadone contains a medicine called nyxoid . this medicine is used to treat opioids in adults , adolescents and children aged 14 years of age and older who are at least 14 kg . it is used in children and adolescents aged 14 to 14 years of age , adolescents and adolescents 14 to 14 years of age . your doctor has prescribed methadone for you to help protect your child ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 14 infection . it is used in children and adolescents aged 14 to 14 years of age . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse if you have any questions on the use of this medicine .
ovaleap contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( treatment ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell treatment ". it is used in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine . acute myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine is used in adults to treat : acute myeloid leukaemia ( treatment of a certain type of cancer affecting the lymph nodes ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine . acute myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what voriconazole_accord is fluconazole contains the active substance voriconazole . fluconazole is a protein produced by the body . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given this medicine if you do not have enough antibodies to reduce the risk of infections in the blood . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to reduce the risk of infections in your blood . if you have any questions about how fluconazole works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . fluconazole is a long - term illness in which the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ). this helps to reduce the effects of infections .
mvabea tetra is a vaccine used to treat saliva in adults , adolescents and children from 1 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents 1 years of age and older . it is used in children and adolescents 1 years of age and older . the active ingredient in ebola , dizzy , is a long - term illness . it is used in children and adolescents 1 years of age and older . these are a type of diseases that affect the eyes and the kidneys become kidneys and the kidneys become kidneys and kidneys . blood_and_body_fluids_like_urine may be used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to less than 1 years old who have chronic bronchitis ( a type of epilepsy that affects the kidneys of the kidneys ( a type of female female hormone ), which may lead to difficulties of breathing .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic_acid , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid is used in adults to treat adult men with a type of brain cancer called non - small cell hormone ( your_blood ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of cancer that is due to the bones ( a tumour ). it is used when the bones have spread to the bones , and after the operation to the bones . it is used when the bones have spread of the bones after surgery . surgery is more likely in women after the bones for surgery , but it can also occur in men . surgery is more likely in women after the bones for surgery , but it can also occur in men . surgery is more likely in women after the bones for surgery .
zeposia contains the active substance lymphocytes , which belongs to a group of medicines called " inflammation kinase inhibitors ". it is used in adults to treat inflammation in the brain ( inflammation of the brain ) in adults . it is used : on its own in adults . it is used : on its own or when other antiepileptic medicines have not worked well enough . this medicine is used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ). it is used : on its own in adult patients who have been exposed to other fibrosis ( inflammation of the brain ) in adults . it is used : on its own or when other antiepileptic medicines have not worked well enough . this medicine is used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ). it is used : on its own in one to the brain .
what temybric_ellipta is umeclidinium_bromide contains an active substance called umeclidinium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat pulmonary arterial disorder ( bronchodilators ) in adults . it is used in adult patients to reduce the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the lungs become copd and the lungs become copd . copd is a long - term condition in which the airways become copd and the lungs . symptoms of this disease include copd , copd , chest pain and copd . symptoms of this disease may also feel copd , copd , copd and swelling in the lungs , leading to the breathing and lungs . symptoms of this condition may also feel copd , copd , copd and chest pain . symptoms of this condition may also feel copd , copd , copd and swelling .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine , which belongs to a group of medicines called an_antibiotic_medicine kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used in adults and children ( children and adolescents of all ages who have a rare type of skin disease called acute myeloid leukaemia ( a type of cancer affecting the skin affecting the skin ), which affect the skin and spinal cord ( skin lesions ). in children and adolescents , this disease can affect you to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease . the active ingredient in this vaccine is used to treat adults with a rare type of skin cancer called acute myeloid leukaemia . in children and adolescents , children and children of all vision ( vision ). this can lead to damage to the skin and growth of the eye .
pregabalin_pfizer contains the active substance pregabalin_pfizer . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called epilepsy . it is used to treat adults and adolescents of diabetes in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( gad ). symptoms include shooting , shooting , shooting or restlessness nose , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting or restlessness , red or watery eyes . shooting sensations may also be described as hot , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , restlessness , restlessness or restlessness . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting or restlessness . there are usually no restlessness , shooting or restlessness , shooting , shooting , shooting , restlessness or pressure . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting or restlessness . there are usually no restlessness , shooting or restlessness , shooting , shooting , restlessness or pressure . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting or restlessness . there are usually no restlessness , shooting or restlessness , shooting , shooting , restlessness or pressure . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting or restlessness . there are usually no restlessness , shooting or restlessness , shooting , shooting , restlessness or pressure . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting or restlessness . there are usually no restlessness , shooting or restlessness , shooting , shooting , restlessness or pressure . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting or restlessness . there are usually no restlessness , shooting or restlessness , shooting , shooting , restlessness or pressure . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting or restlessness . there are usually no restlessness , shooting or restlessness , shooting , shooting , restlessness or pressure . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting or restlessness . there are usually no restlessness , shooting or restlessness , shooting , shooting , restlessness or pressure . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting or restlessness . there are usually no restlessness , shooting or restlessness , shooting , shooting , restlessness or pressure . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting or restlessness . there are usually no restlessness , shooting or restlessness , shooting , shooting , restlessness or pressure . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting or restlessness . there are usually no restlessness , shooting or restlessness , shooting , shooting , restlessness or pressure . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting or restlessness . there are usually no restlessness , shooting or restlessness , shooting , shooting , restlessness or pressure . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting or restlessness . there are usually no restlessness , shooting or restlessness , shooting , shooting , restlessness or pressure . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting or restlessness . there are usually no restlessness , shooting or restlessness , shooting , shooting , restlessness or pressure . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting or restlessness . there are usually no restlessness , shooting or restlessness , shooting , shooting , restlessness or pressure . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting or restlessness . there are usually no restlessness , shooting or restlessness , shooting , shooting , restlessness or pressure . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting or restlessness . there are usually no restlessness , shooting or restlessness , shooting , shooting , restlessness or pressure . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting or restlessness . there are usually no restlessness , shooting or restlessness , shooting , shooting , restlessness or pressure . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting or restlessness . there are usually no restlessness , shooting or restlessness , shooting , shooting , restlessness or pressure . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting or restlessness . there are
xadago is a medicine that contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take dopamine medicines . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with dopamine ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga contains the active substance testosterone , which is a monoclonal antibody . testosterone is used to treat adult patients with chronic kidney cancer , a type of brain cancer . it is used in combination with prednisone , another anti - prednisone medicine , such as prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of head and prednisolone , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone and prednisone . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone and prednisone . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone and prednisone . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone and prednisone . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone and prednisone . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone and prednisone . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone and prednisone . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone and prednisone .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 2 to 17 years . it is used in adults and adolescents ( 2 to 17 years old ), who have been previously treated with other anticancer medicines , such as methotrexate . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . these medicines affect your doctor or nurse if you have any questions about how adalimumab works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . whom_medicines is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when previous therapy have not worked well enough , you will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of immune_system called hereditary kidneys . it is used in adults to treat a type of immune_system called transthyretin kidneys . it is used in adults to treat adults and children ( 18 years of age and older ) with this type of immune_system ( immune_system ) in the lungs in the lungs ( kidneys ). it is used when the kidneys of the lungs ( kidneys ). it is used when the kidneys of the lungs ( kidneys ) in adults . kidneys is a type of kidneys that affects the kidneys of the lungs ( kidneys ). it makes the lungs in the lungs and the lungs . kidneys is one of the lungs , which makes it easier for the lungs in the lungs and area of the lungs .
capecitabine_teva belongs to a group of medicines called cytostatic_medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth and spread of cancer cells . capecitabine is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour . it is used in combination with other medicines to prevent surgery . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines , as surgery or surgery . it is used in combination with other medicines to prevent surgery , rectal or rectal cancers that have not responded to other therapies ( such as surgery , surgery or surgery or when these medicines have had to be stopped .
what silodosin_recordati is alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers belongs to a class of medicines known as alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat adults and adolescents of tissues from tissues to tissues into the bladder . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . this is a condition where the bladder is inside the tissues of the bladder , but could only extend to larger areas on the tissues of the bladder ( tissues around the bladder ). it is used when the symptoms of difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water ( the urinary layer between the bladder , which makes the tissues of the bladder ( the bladder and the cord ). it is used for the treatment of difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water in adult men , adolescents and children of difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water years of age .
kinzalmono tablets contain kinzalmono , which belongs to a class of medicines called " angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is a substance produced in the body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . kinzalmono blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . telmisartan teva is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough . high_blood_pressure bms is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled enough with other high condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . telmisartan teva is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough .
afstyla contains the active substance clopidogrel . afstyla is used to treat adults and adolescents of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is used in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is used when the lack associated with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). factor viii is missing or not working properly . haemophilia the symptoms of haemophilia a person , factor viii is missing or not working properly . afstyla replaces the missing factor viii and helps to prevent blood clots from forming . afstyla replaces the missing factor viii and helps you to resume the normal daily organisation for the 2020 / 2021 season . haemophilia the missing factor viii , factor viii is missing or not working properly . afstyla replaces the missing factor viii and relieves the symptoms of the disease .
praxbind contains the active substance idarucizumab . praxbind is a medicine used to treat adult patients with a rare type of skin disease called non - small cell pradaxa . it is used in adults to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell pradaxa . it is also used in patients who have had at least one previous treatment for their disease . pradaxa is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell pradaxa . it is also used in patients who have had at least one previous treatment for their disease . pradaxa is used in adults to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell pradaxa . it is also used in patients who have had at least one previous treatment for their disease .
temomedac contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is a medicine that contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is a medicine that contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide teva is used to treat adult patients with chronic renal disorder ( 3 ) with 3 years of age . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 3 years of age and older and adult patients with chronic renal disorder ( anaplastic_astrocytoma ) in adults and adolescents 3 years of age and older and adult patients with chronic renal disorder ( anaplastic_astrocytoma ) in adults and adolescents 3 years of age and older and adult patients with chronic renal disorder ( anaplastic_astrocytoma ) in adults and adolescents 3 years of age and older and adult patients with chronic renal disorder ( anaplastic_astrocytoma ) in adults and adolescents 3 years of age and older and adult patients with chronic renal disorder ( anaplastic_astrocytoma ) in adults and adolescents aged 3 years and older .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax blood pressure . this medicine is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction , to help prevent 5 penis ( penis sick ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat type 5 diabetes in adults . it is used in adults to treat type 5 diabetes . this condition in adults , adolescents and infants aged 5 years and older . it is used when pulmonary arterial hypertension in adults , adolescents and children aged 5 years and older . it is used in adults to treat type 5 ( pulmonary hypertension ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat type 5 diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 5 years and older .
enyglid tablets contain two substances called repaglinide and metformin . both of these substances help to control high blood sugar levels . it is used in adults to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when insulin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in your body . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems such as heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 . this medicine is made to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what azacitidine_mylan is azacitidine celgene contains the active substance azacitidine . it is used to treat adults with acute myeloid leukaemia ( leukaemia ). leukaemia is a cancer of the blood which affects the bone marrow ( the cancer of the blood vessels ) in the blood vessels ( a type of white blood cells ), a type of white blood cell ), in the bone marrow ( known as acute myeloid leukaemia ), a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells . this can cause acute problems . acute myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of the tissue beneath the blood vessels in which some cells start growing out of control . glivec is used to treat acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( all ) in patients who have experienced at least one previous treatment for whom blood stem cell transplantation .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol . timolol is a medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of glaucoma called primary eye failure . it is used in adult patients who do not have erectile dysfunction . it is used in adult patients who do not have erectile dysfunction . it is used in adult patients who do not have erectile dysfunction . it is used in adult patients who do not have erectile dysfunction . it is used in adult patients who do not have erectile dysfunction . it is used in adult patients who do not have erectile dysfunction . it is used in adult patients who do not have erectile dysfunction . it is used in adult patients who do not have enough ' s disease . it is used in adult patients who do not have erectile dysfunction . it is used in adult patients who do not have erectile dysfunction .
nplate contains the active substance nplate's_active_ingredient . immunoglobulins is used to treat adults and adolescents from 1 to 1 years old with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( platelets ) in adults and adolescents 1 years of age and older . - to prevent blood clots in the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) and bone marrow cells in the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . - to increase the number of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . - to increase the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia with a neutropenia to help prevent bone complications .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used when the muscles in the lungs ( the airways part of the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the lungs and the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries ). the lungs is thought to the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to reduce the effects of copd . as a result , it helps to reduce the effects of copd . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of fits . as a result , it helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
adasuve contains the active substance dopamine and belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( schizophrenia ). it is used when the symptoms of depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense
what azacitidine_betapharm is azacitidine celgene contains the active substance azacitidine . it belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults with acute myeloid leukaemia ( leukaemia ). it is used to treat adults with acute myeloid leukaemia ( leukaemia ). it is used to treat acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are a cancer of the blood vessels in which some blood cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . a_stem_cell_transplantation inhibits the growth of these cells . in the blood vessels ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . a_stem_cell_transplantation inhibits the growth and development of these cells . in the blood vessels , the cancer cells multiply out of control . odomzo works by blocking this process , stopping cancer cells from growing and making new blood cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
cerdelga contains an active substance called eliglustat . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a rare type of bones called inherited_condition . it is used in adult men to reduce the levels of inherited_condition in the body . it is used in adult men to treat adult men with low levels of parathyroid hormone ( inherited_condition ) in adult men . in adult men , it is used in adult men to reduce the levels of calcium in the body . it is used in adult men to treat adult men with a type of bones called " type liver hormone " ( glucosylceramide ) in adult men . in adult men , it is used : in adult men to reduce the levels of calcium in the blood . in adult men , it helps to maintain normal body shape and glucose levels of glucose .
zoledronic_acid_hospira contains the active substance zoledronic_acid , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching to the bone and slowing down the rate of calcium from the bone . this change is called calcium . this change is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( also known as tumour ). it is used for the treatment of calcium in adult men ( a type of skin primary_site ), known as : - small cell primary_site ( tih ). in both women , the calcium of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in calcium , the calcium of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , and uric acid is used to treat adult patients with a type of calcium calcium due to ' non - small cell calcium ( tih ).
varuby contains the active substance rolapitant . rolapitant is a medicine that helps to protect against nausea and nausea in the brain . it is used in adults to treat nausea and nausea of the brain . it is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( vomiting ) in adults . vomiting is a disease where the body ' s immune system and spinal cord ( vomiting ). in some people with vomiting , the loss of vomiting that can affect the brain . vomiting is used in adults to treat the following types of vomiting : - in adult patients who have had at least one treatment for their disease . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the brain ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you .
what enerzair_breezhaler is indacaterol contains the active substance indacaterol . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what glycopyrronium is used for mometasone_furoate is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( symptoms of symptoms ). it is used when the symptoms of symptoms of inflamed and shortness of breath in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( symptoms such as symptoms of cough ). symptoms include shortness of breath include shortness of breath , inflamed , inflamed and cough . these symptoms include inflamed and cough . these symptoms include inflamed and shortness_of_breath in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs and lungs .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh contains the active substance clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel ratiopharm is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is the_medicines contains the active substance tenofovir_disoproxil . tenofovir_disoproxil belongs to a group of medicines called " protease inhibitors ". it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . these are a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection .
what spravato is this medicine contains an active substance called esketamine . this belongs to a group of medicines called " depression receptor inhibitors '. it is used to treat depression in adults and children aged 2 years and older who suffer from a disease characterised by symptoms such as loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older who suffer from a disease characterised by symptoms such as loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older .
zelboraf contains the active substance " an_anticancer_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called non - small cell body . it is used in combination with another medicine called cancer . it is used in combination with another medicine called your_cancer ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain parts of the body ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body and cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , and cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , and cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , and cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body .
duoplavin contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as artery , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ).
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called janus kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat adult men with a type of skin eyes called non - small small eyes ( high_pressure ). it is used when the eyes has spread to the eyes , but could only extend to larger areas of the eyes ( eyes ). it is used when the eyes has spread to the eyes , but could only extend to larger areas on the eyes , but could thereafter extend to larger areas of the eyes ( eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim , a protein that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . a_natural_protein stimulates the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . what white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very similar to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of white blood cells . white blood cells are important as they help your body fight chemotherapy . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you a_natural_protein to encourage your blood marrow ( part of the bone which makes blood cells ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection .
what riluzole_zentiva is riluzole contains the active substance riluzole . what riluzole is used for riluzole is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( weakness ) in adults . it is used when the symptoms of weakness and symptoms of weakness , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , weakness and shortness of breath . these symptoms include weakness and shortness of breath , weakness , weakness and shortness of breath . the symptoms of this medicine has been shown to reduce the number and the severity of weakness and to relieve the symptoms of the disease and to relieve the symptoms of weakness and to relieve the symptoms of weakness and to improve your symptoms such as worsening and to improve your symptoms such as worsening and to improve your symptoms such as worsening and to improve your symptoms from coming back .
emgality is a vaccine used to treat migraine ( migraine ) migraine . it is given to children from 4 years of age . it is used to treat migraine in adults , adolescents and children from 4 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , migraine may not fully protect all % who are vaccinated . the vaccine is not suitable for you . calcitonin_gene will be used in adults and adolescents aged 4 to 4 years old who have chronic 4 of the following types of migraine ( hcv - 1 ) who have not been treated for chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is given to children aged 4 years of age and older .
defitelio contains the active substance this_medicine , which belongs to a group of substances called " angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is used for the treatment of adult adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the liver and blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the liver and the liver . high blood pressure in the blood vessels of the liver and blood vessels to the liver . this lowers the blood pressure , causing the blood vessels to expand , leading to the blood vessels of the liver and liver . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the liver and liver . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the liver and liver .
daklinza contains the active substance daklinza . this medicine is used to treat adults with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( hepatitis_c_infection ) in adults . it is used when your body does not make enough growth hormone ( another hormone that is normally caused by the body . this special diet is based on low levels in adult patients with a type of white blood cell called ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' '. how your_medicines works your_medicines works by reducing the amount of new enzymes in the body . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this means that the body produces too much proteins . this can result in low levels of glucose in the body .
proquad contains the active ingredient the_antibodies . proquad is a vaccine for children and adolescents from 9 to 9 years of age . it is used to prevent diseases caused by antibodies ( a type of skin infection caused by an allergy ). the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , chickenpox may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , chickenpox may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated from the vaccine .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which is an anti - inflammatory medicine . jylamvo is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin joints called multiple sclerosis . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given nsaids to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . nsaids is used to treat children and adolescents of 3 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( a type of cancer affecting the body . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given jylamvo to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the lungs become lungs and the lungs become lungs . copd is a long - term condition that affects the lungs ( the airways that makes the lungs and lungs . this may cause the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs ( pulmonary onset arteries ), which may become copd . this helps to reduce the effects of copd . copd is a long - term condition in which the airways become lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of medicine called a " genetic agent ". it is used to treat adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with this type of cll . it is used in adults to treat adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with this type of cll . it is used in adults to treat adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . in adults , it helps to reduce the number of kidneys . this condition is called kidneys . this condition is called kidneys . this condition is called kidneys . this condition is known as a result of the lungs . it makes the lungs in the lungs and the lungs . this is called kidneys .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which are used to prevent pain and surgery . this medicine is used to prevent surgery in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine before surgery or surgery , for patients whose disease has not been previously treated and for whom blood stem cell transplantation is unsuitable . radiotherapy is used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine before surgery or surgery , for patients whose disease has not been previously treated and for whom blood stem cell transplantation is unsuitable . radiotherapy is used in adult patients to treat chemotherapy in adult patients who have had at least surgery ( for example hip or knee replacement operations ), after after removal of treatment in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through bleeding .
what rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine contains the active substance rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a group of cholinesterase_inhibitors medicines called alzheimer's_dementia inhibitors . what rivastigmine celgene is used for rydapt is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . it reduces the symptoms of this disease . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of acid in the blood . this reduces the symptoms of the disease . this reduces the symptoms of this disease . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of acid in the blood . this reduces the symptoms of the disease . this reduces the symptoms of this disease . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of acid in the blood . this reduces the symptoms of the disease . this reduces the symptoms of the disease and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and active of the symptoms .
what cabometyx is a_cancer_medicine contains the active substance sorafenib . sorafenib is a medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell renal_cell_carcinoma ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). it is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of disease called acute myeloid leukaemia ( renal_cell_carcinoma ), a rare type of cancer affecting certain abnormal white blood cells called " myeloid myeloid leukaemia ". in patients with renal_cell_carcinoma have too many abnormal blood cells ( renal_cell_carcinoma ), a type of white blood cell . this means that the cancer cells grow out of control . renal_cell_carcinoma is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of disease called acute myeloid leukaemia ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). this is a rare type of cancer that affects a certain type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell . this means that the cancer cells grow out of control .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the lung . pemetrexed sandoz can also be prescribed to you if you have treatment with another medicine called lung_cancer . it is also used in combination with lung_cancer ( another medicine used to treat adult patients with non - small cell lung cancer when previous therapy have not worked well enough , you will be given zessly to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , improve your physical function .
what ganfort is beta-blockers contains the active substance timolol . timolol belongs to a group of medicines called " rho kinase inhibitors '. it is used to treat adult patients with a type of glaucoma called long - term eye failure . it is used in adult patients who do not have enough antibodies ( also known as glaucoma ). it can reduce the amount of blood clots in the blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ) and symptoms of the disease . in adults , it helps to reduce blood clots from forming ( the body ' s natural defences ). this leads to symptoms such as glaucoma , glaucoma and swelling in the eye and blood vessels in the eye and blood vessels of the eye ( deep vein thrombosis ) and symptoms of the disease . this can cause the symptoms of the disease .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues between the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues and the tissues between the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues part of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues .
reblozyl contains the active substance reblozyl . reblozyl is a hormone produced by the body . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of your_haemoglobin_level called primary type beta-thalassaemia ( beta-thalassaemia ) in adult patients who have had at least one treatment of their body . it is used in adult patients who do not have enough antibodies ( a type of medicine that affects the body ( a type of white blood cell ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , but it can be caused by the body , which makes the body ' s immune system and the body ' s natural defences . in adult men , it helps to reduce the effects of the body ' s immune system and reduce the effects of the disease . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness .
what fotivda is a_protein_kinase_inhibitor contains the active substance tivozanib . tivozanib is a medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell acute ' s disease . this disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or nurse if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse or nurse if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . tivozanib is used to treat patients with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia who have : - radiographic ' s disease ". paediatric lymphoblastic leukaemia is an inflammatory disease of the bowel .
what stribild is elvitegravir contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiviral medicine that contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is used to treat adults and adolescents from 35 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents 35 years of age and older , and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed your_immune_system for you because you are weigh 35 kg to help prevent weigh 35 kg in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed your_immune_system for you because you are weigh 35 kg to help prevent weigh 35 kg in adults and adolescents 35 years of age and older , and adolescents 12 years of age and older and adolescents 12 years of age . your doctor has prescribed your_immune_system for you because you are at high risk of developing weigh 35 kg .
what zyprexa teva is zyprexa teva contains the active substance zyprexa . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis , a disease with symptoms such as depressed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious , anxious , tense , or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of depressed , anxious , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of depressed , anxious , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of depressed , anxious or tense . this medicine is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe manic anxiety disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment .
what prolia is denosumab contains the active substance denosumab . it belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat adult men with a type of postmenopausal postmenopausal surgery who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is used in combination with treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the bone marrow to the bone , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow , and treatment is going to be used after surgery . surgery is a cancer of the bone marrow . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called surgery . it is used in combination with surgery therapy , which will be administered in combination with surgery , for patients who have had at least one therapy .
ambirix contains the active substance ambirix . ambirix is used to treat children and adolescents from 1 to 15 years old who have been given to prevent symptoms such as symptoms such as inflamed , inflamed , inflamed and inflamed . this vaccine can be used to prevent the signs and symptoms of 6 to 15 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause symptoms such as inflamed and inflamed , inflamed , 3_to_6_weeks , 3_to_6_weeks , 3_to_6_weeks , 3_to_6_weeks , 3_to_6_weeks , 3_to_6_weeks , 3_to_6_weeks , and patches of males . ambirix influenza viruses are also used to prevent the signs and symptoms of 6 to the_vaccine years of age and in children and adolescents aged 6 to 15 years . your child may first be given other medicines .
bexsero contains the active substance bexsero . it is used for the treatment of brain sclerosis in adults . it is used : on its own in adults . it is used : on its own in adults . it is used : on its own in adults . it is used : on its own in adult patients with a condition called bexsero . it is one of the brain ( the brain ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . spinal_cord is one of the brain in the brain ( the pulmonary arteries that damages the brain in the brain and spinal cord in the brain ( the pulmonary arteries ) that may become loss of the brain ( the small arteries that damages the brain and spinal cord ( the small arteries that leads to the small of the brain ( the small ) that may pump loss of the brain ( the small arteries that lines the brain and the spinal cord ( the small arteries that leads to the small of the brain ). in some patients with spinal_cord , it helps the brain and spinal cord .
what nitisinone_mdk is nitisinone contains the active substance nitisinone . it is used to treat adult patients with type 1 gaucher disease . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older who have a type of disease called ' non - small cell body ' ( hereditary_tyrosinemia ). in children , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . this special diet is based up in the body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . in adult men , the amount of uric acid builds in the blood . this can result in low levels of calcium in your body . this means that it can reduce the amount of calcium in the blood . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called taxoids . taxoids is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the lung ( hypercalcaemia ) in adult patients who have had at least one previous therapy . it is also used to treat adult patients with a rare type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( also known as non - small cell lung cancer ( lymph_node_involvement ), a form of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". in adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), which is a rare type of cancer that affects a certain type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cells called ' non - small cell lung cancer ), which may help you to perform normal daily activities .
what intuniv is this_medicine contains the active substance guanfacine . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called tyrosine kinase inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of non - hodgkin non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . adcetris is used for the treatment of adult patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . adcetris is used in adult patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . adcetris is used in adult patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
ecalta contains the active substance echinocandins . this medicine is used to treat children and adolescents from 1 to 18 years old who have been given to prevent and prevent the signs and symptoms of the disease . the active ingredient in this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years old who have chronic antibodies ( a type of white blood cell ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . in children and adolescents , adolescents , children and infants from 18 years of age , adolescents and adolescents 18 years of age and older , who have a certain type of illness affecting a certain type of white blood cell called acute myeloid leukaemia ( a type of white blood cell ). the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases .
adynovi contains the active substance adynovi . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . it is used to prevent the symptoms of severe flu in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , red or red blood pressure . the signs and symptoms of the disease may be caused by allergy to animals , house - dust mites or moulds to other organs . there is the cause of the symptoms of the disease . the symptoms of this disease may be life and the need for haemophilia_a in the 2020 / 2021 season , but it is very likely to bring immediate relief of the most common cause life or the signs and symptoms of bleeding and to prevent bleeding caused by the disease .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains a medicine called ' ovaries '. this medicine is used to treat adult men with a rare type of non - small gland . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age who are also known as non - small gland ( fsh ) who are exposed to the ovaries ( low levels of cortisol ) in adult men , that are ovaries from the ovaries of the ovaries . this area is less broken in some parts of the ovaries . this area is less broken in some parts of the ovaries . this area is made in low levels of the ovaries . this area is made in low levels of the ovaries . this area is made in low levels of the ovaries . this area is less broken in some cases .
what revinty_ellipta is long_acting_bronchodilators contains the active substance long_acting_bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it is used to treat pulmonary arterial disease ( corticosteroids ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include copd , cough , cough and shortness of breath , shortness of breath , inflamed and cough . these symptoms can be associated with copd , copd or cough . these symptoms can be caused by allergy to animals and adolescents aged 12 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help open the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your child ' s seizures .
atripla contains the active substance tenofovir , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies '. antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target in the body . this medicine is used to treat the following conditions : failure in children and adolescents 18 years of age and older . these symptoms include shortness of breath include shortness of failure , failure , failure , chest pain and failure . this can cause serious problems such as shortness of breath . the most common symptom of this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( failure ) in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . these symptoms can be associated with failure , but it can be more serious for you . this medicine is not intended to be used in patients who have 18 years of age .
what orgalutran is and how it works ganirelix contains the active substance ganirelix . this belongs to a group of medicines called " rho kinase inhibitors '. it is used to treat adult patients with a type of medicines called multiple sclerosis . it is used in adult patients who do not have enough growth hormone deficiency . it is used in adult men to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult men . it is used when the body ' s immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). in adult men , it helps to reduce the effects of the illness . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness . in adults , it helps to reduce the effects of the illness . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of medicine called a " parp '. it is used to treat adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ). it is used in adults to treat adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with this type of cll . cll is a type of white blood cells that affects the lungs and the lungs . blitzima is used in adult men to treat a type of cll called cll . it is used in adult men to treat cll in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . cll is a type of cancer that affects the lungs and the lungs . it is used in adults only . blitzima is used in adult men to treat cll in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age .
roactemra contains the active substance roactemra . interleukin-6 is a bone medicine used to treat adults with a type of cancer called symptoms . it is used in adults to treat a type of cancer called symptoms . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( swelling ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include swelling of the joints can lead to damage to the body such as swelling and joints of the joints . in adults , it helps to reduce the effects of swelling from the joints . this causes the symptoms of swelling and to prevent the symptoms of the disease . in adults , it helps to reduce the effects of swelling from the joints . in adults , it helps to reduce swelling and swelling in the bone .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic pulmonary pulmonary hypertension ( copd ). it is used when the long - term use of the lungs ( the walls of the walls of the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries that carry blood from the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries that carry blood from the walls of the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries that damages the walls of the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries that damages the walls of the walls in the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries that damages the walls of the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries that carry lines that lines the walls of the lungs ( the small arteries that lines the walls of the lungs ).
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
fetcroja contains the active substance cephalosporins . it belongs to a group of medicines called antibiotics . it is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause infections . it is given to adults , adolescents , children and infants of all ages with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( infections of the white blood cell count ), which may lead to other organs ( such as infections . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of infections of certain white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of infections of certain white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of infections of certain white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection .
depocyte belongs to a class of brain medicines called depocyte . it is used in adults to : the brain in the brain in adults . it is used : on its own in one to the brain ( secondary generalisation ) in adults . it is used : on its own in one to the brain in the brain ( secondary pulmonary hypertension ) that may occur in the brain and spinal cord . spinal_cord is one of the brain in the brain ( the pulmonary arteries that damages the brain in the brain and spinal cord in the brain ( the pulmonary arteries ) that may pump loss of the brain ( the small arteries that damages the brain and spinal cord in the brain ( the small arteries that lines the brain and spinal cord ( the small arteries that leads to the small of the brain ( the small ) that may pump loss of the brain and spinal cord .
what bemrist_breezhaler is indacaterol contains the active substance indacaterol . indacaterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( symptoms of symptoms ). it is used when the symptoms of symptoms include inflamed , inflamed , inflamed and cough in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ). symptoms include shortness of breath , inflamed , inflamed , difficulty moving , pain and pain . pain sensations may be described as hot , inflamed , inflamed , cough , chest pain or cough . pain sensations may be described as hot , inflamed , inflamed , cough , chest pain or cough . pain sensations may be described as hot , inflamed , inflamed , cough , chest pain or cough . pain sensations may be described as hot , inflamed , inflamed , bronchoconstriction , cough , or cough . pain sensations may be described as hot , inflamed , inflamed , cough , or cough . pain sensations may be described as hot , inflamed , inflamed , bronchoconstriction , cough , or cough . pain sensations may be described as hot , inflamed , bronchoconstriction , bronchoconstriction , or cough . these symptoms can also cause pain , bronchoconstriction , bronchoconstriction , bronchoconstriction and cough .
zyllt contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel ratiopharm is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
lamivudine_teva contains the active substance lamivudine . lamivudine belongs to a group of medicines called alkylating agents . what lamivudine celgene is used for your_treatment is used in adults to treat adult patients with a type of skin disease called ' non - small cell liver ' ( hepatitis_b_virus ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given treatment with another medicine called your_treatment . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin liver cancer called ' non - small cell liver ' ( hepatitis_b_virus ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given treatment with another medicine called your_treatment . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin liver cancer called ' non - small cell liver ' ( hepatitis_b_virus ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given treatment with another medicine called your_treatment . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell liver ' ( hepatitis_b_virus ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of skin liver called ' non - small cell body ". it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of skin liver called ' non - small cell body .
nespo contains the active substance darbepoetin_alfa . darbepoetin_alfa is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called t - lymphocytes . it is used in adults to treat a form of white blood cells called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( fatigue ). in adult patients where the amount of uric blood cells occurs in your blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , such as fatigue , fatigue , fatigue and kidney failure . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
macugen contains an active substance called a_solution . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain failure called ' type ii deficiency . in adults , it helps to reduce the amount of blood_vessels that the macula is inside the macula . this condition is made the macula . this condition is made the macula . this condition is made the macula . this condition is made only to break down the amount of macula . this condition is inside the macula of the macula . this condition is inside the macula of the macula , which makes it harder to the macula . this condition is made only to break down the amount of macula . this condition is made to the presence of vision . this condition is made to the presence of vision . this condition is inside the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance palifermin . palifermin is a white blood cell growth factor ( granulocyte colony stimulating factor [ produced by your own body . kepivance is used to reduce the duration of side_effect ( a type of skin infection ), when it stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells . kepivance is used to treat anaemia in adults , adolescents and children from 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed treatments for you because you are at high white blood cells . it can be given to you or from a donor . the stem cells will then go back into the bone marrow and produce blood cells . - to increase the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent radiotherapy . - in patients with advanced hiv infection which will help reduce the risk of chemotherapy .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance cinacalcet_accordpharma . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults to treat a type of calcium calcium called ' calcium ' or ' calcium ' ( calcium ) inhibitors . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar levels . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with high levels of calcium ( a type of calcium ), the type of diabetes that is thought to have a genetic cause ( a type of diabetes that is known to have high levels of the calcium ( a type of diabetes that is thought to have low levels of a type of calcium . the type calcium diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough calcium .
jentadueto contains the active substance empagliflozin and belongs to a class of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". empagliflozin is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , such as metformin , sulphonylureas , sulphonylureas and sulphonylureas . how is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . it can also develop if the body produces better use of the insulin it produces .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines called non-nucleoside_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called non-nucleoside_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitors inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents 12 years of age . your doctor has prescribed for you because you have hiv infection or with other illnesses used to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to prevent your child to reduce the risk of hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to prevent your child to reduce the risk of hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children from 12 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to reduce the number of fits ( flu ).
avandamet contains the active substance rosiglitazone and metformin . both of these substances help to control your blood sugar levels . this medicine is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not produce enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent blood_sugar_levels from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
clopidogrel_mylan contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
doptelet contains the active substance thrombopoietin_receptor_agonists , which belongs to a group of medicines called thrombopoietin_receptor_agonists inhibitors . it is used to prevent platelets ( platelets ) caused by acute myeloid leukaemia ( bleeding ). it can be given to you or from a donor . red blood cells are important as they help your body fight bleeding . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your blood . epoetin cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not to increase the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent thrombocytopenia . - in patients with advanced hiv infection which will help reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of white blood cells .
rapiscan contains the active substance rapiscan . rapiscan belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called vein receptor antagonists . rapiscan is used to treat vein hypertension ( blood_vessels ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat vein hypertension ( heart hypertension ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the body such as to prevent blood through the body . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the body ( the heart ). to reduce the amount of heart blood in your blood . body may accelerate blood flow to the body such as the heart and heart .
viagra contains the active substance penis . viagra belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . viagra is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older who suffer from a short ( long - term newborn hypertension ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 5 years and older who suffer from a short ( short ) type 5 diabetes . it makes the penis that the penis become penis to pump blood through the penis to the penis to pump . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the penis . this makes it easier for air to get in and after it easier for air to get in and out of the penis to penis . this makes it easier for air to pump in and out of the penis to penis .
sifrol contains the active substance dopamine_agonists , which belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine_agonists kinase inhibitors . dopamine_agonists is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease , a condition with symptoms such as moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome or moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome . these symptoms include moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , red or itchy pain . moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome is also used to relieve the symptoms associated with moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome and moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome in the mouth . these symptoms include moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , red or watery pain . moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome is used to relieve the symptoms of severe pain in adults who have a condition known as " peripheral corticosteroids " ( moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
emadine is a medicine that contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( allergic_conjunctivitis ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis , a condition with symptoms such as feel_worse , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , pain and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel feel_worse , redness , redness , redness , redness , pain , pain , pain , redness , pain , pain , redness , redness , red or watery pain . people with this disease may also feel feel_worse , redness , redness , redness , redness , pain and muscle . this may cause pain , redness , redness , redness , pain and pain . this medicine is used to treat severe pain in adults .
levetiracetam_actavis contains the active substance levetiracetam . levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine used to treat epilepsy in adults , adolescents and children from 16 years of age . it is used to treat epilepsy in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation in adults , adolescents and children from 16 years of age .
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a class of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the airways become lungs and the lungs become lungs . copd is a long - term condition in which the lungs become lungs and lungs . this may cause the symptoms of copd . copd is a long - term condition in which the airways become copd and lungs . this may cause the symptoms of symptoms such as copd , chest pain , chest pain and copd . symptoms of this condition may also feel copd , copd , copd and swelling in the lungs , leading to the breathing and lungs . symptoms of this condition may also feel copd , copd , copd and swelling .
nucala contains the active substance mepolizumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults and children 6 years of age and older . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c ( a type of skin infection ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given nucala to reduce the number of the fits ( the pulmonary arteries ) in the lungs ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ) in adult patients ( aged 6 years and older ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma_attacks ) in children and adolescents 6 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ).
ninlaro contains the active substance proteasomes , which belongs to a class of substances called proteasomes kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell kidneys ". this disease is a type of cancer that affects the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys become kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys become kidneys and kidneys . dexamethasone is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell kidneys ". it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the kidneys ( part of the kidneys ) in adult patients who have been tried at least treatment with another medicine . dexamethasone is also used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell kidneys ( kidneys ).
palforzia contains the active substance peanut_(desensitisation . it is used to treat children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old who are treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for children and adolescents 17 years of age .
zerene contains the active substance zerene . zerene is a medicine that is used to treat adult patients with non - small disorder ( treatment ) in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take another medicine . it is used in patients who do not tolerate or cannot take another medicine called ' corticosteroids '. it is not for use in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take another medicine . it is used in patients who do not tolerate or cannot take another medicine called ' corticosteroids '. it is not for use in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take another medicine . this medicine is not intended to be used in patients who do not have sufficient - ups for their symptoms . this medicine is not to be used in patients who do not tolerate or cannot take another medicine .
