what incivo is ribavirin contains the active substance ribavirin , ribavirin and ribavirin . this belongs to a group of medicines called peginterferon_alfa inhibitors . ribavirin is used to treat adults and adolescents aged hepatitis_c_infection years and older who have had at least one years of age . it is used for the treatment of ribavirin in adults who have had at least one years of hiv infection . ribavirin is used for the treatment of hepatitis b virus in adults who have had at least one years of hiv infection . ribavirin is used for the treatment of the hepatitis b virus ( ribavirin ). ribavirin is used for the treatment of the following types of hepatitis_c_infection in adults who have had at least one years of age who have previously treated with other medicines for hiv infection . ribavirin will be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
the active ingredient of zinbryta is demyelination . this medicine is used to treat ms ( ms ) in adults and children aged inflammation years and older . it is used in adults and children ( children and children ) who are at least one years of ms . ms is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough . how demyelination works demyelination is used to treat ms in adults and children ( children and children ) who are at least one years of ms . ms is used to treat ms ( ms ) in adults and children ( children and children ) who are at least one years of ms . ms is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or when other treatments are not suitable .
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called medicines . it is used to treat adults and children aged liver_damage years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged liver_damage years of age and older ) in adults and children ( a type of liver_damage that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ). this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged liver_damage years of age with idiopathic type of liver_damage ( the type of liver_damage that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ). this medicine is used in adults and children ( a type of liver_damage that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of liver_damage ( primary type of consciousness ).
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus infection infection infection . it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 years and older . it is used to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . it is used to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . it is used to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older who are at at least 1 to hiv infection . it is used when your hiv does not make enough infection . your doctor will tell you if you are at other hiv infection . your doctor will tell you if you are at hiv infection . your doctor will tell you if you are at hiv .
the active ingredient of novonorm is repaglinide . repaglinide is a medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar .
pumarix is used to prevent flu ( influenza ) infection caused by the hepatitis b virus ( flu ). none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu .
somakit_toc contains the active substance tumours , which belongs to a class of medicines called radiation . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of tumours called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called tumours . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called tumours . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough .
the active substance in afinitor is everolimus . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell cancer cancer ( non - cancer cell cancer ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you will be given other medicines .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition that affects the lungs and the airways become lungs . this will reduce the number of airways in your lungs . this will reduce the number of copd in your blood . this will reduce the number of copd in your blood . this will reduce the number of copd in your blood . this will reduce the number of copd in your blood . this will reduce the number of copd in your blood . this will reduce the number of copd in your blood .
tremfya is a medicine that contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged skin years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( a type of pain and older ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of pain and older ) in adults and adolescents ( a condition called pain ). these symptoms include itching and pain , itching , pain and pain , pain , pain and pain , pain , pain and pain , pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain , pain and pain , pain , pain and pain , pain , pain and pain , pain , pain and pain , pain , pain and pain , pain , pain and pain , pain , pain and pain , pain , pain and pain , pain , pain and pain , pain , pain and pain , pain , pain and pain , pain , pain and pain , scaling , pain and pain , scaling , pain and pain , pain and pain .
what trepulmix is surgical_treatment contains the active substance cteph , which belongs to a class of medicines called hormone receptor antagonists . it is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults , adolescents and children aged cteph years and older . high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels . this means that the blood vessels relax , and the blood pressure is lowered . this means the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure is lowered . surgical_treatment is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled . primary hypercholesterolaemia is high blood pressure in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when they are at high blood pressure .
the active ingredient in thorinane is enoxaparin_sodium . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 gaucher disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this condition is also used in adults and children aged 1 years and older . this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this condition is also used in adults and children ( class years of age and older ) in adult patients with a condition called ' class 2 deficiency ". this medicine is also used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . primary hypercholesterolaemia is a heart condition that happens when the heart does not make enough blood flow . this condition is also used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called primary heart failure .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine , which belongs to a class of anti - hormonal medicines called prilocaine . prilocaine is used for the treatment of ejaculation ( ejaculation ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of head and older ). it is used in adults to prevent ejaculation ( ejaculation ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of head and older ). it is used in adults to prevent ejaculation ( ejaculation ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of head and older ). it is used in adult men , adolescents and children ( a type of ejaculation that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ). it is used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called ejaculation ( ejaculation ) in adult men , adolescents and children ( a type of ejaculation that is thought to have a genetic genetic ).
opdivo is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell cell lymphoma ( non - cancer cell cancer ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel_tad contains the active substance clopidogrel , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , heart attack or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains the active substance the_active_substance_tacrolimus , which belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called non - diabetics medicines . it is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . it is used in combination with other medicines used to treat rejection ( a type of heart failure ). it is used when your body does not make enough insulin to control the amount of rejection in your blood . your doctor has prescribed rejection to you if you are at high risk of rejection . your doctor will tell you if you are at other medicines for these medicines . your doctor will tell you if you are at your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you will be given rejection to reduce the number of diet and your doctor has given you to control your diet and reduce the risk of being exposed to rejection .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains the active substance clopidogrel , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , heart attack or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine contains the active substance epoetin alfa . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - cancer cell cancer ) in adult patients whose cancer cells cannot be treated with another medicine called " human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr alfa - fallopian transfer ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer cells ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer cells ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( primary cancer cells ).
the name of this medicine is ciambra . this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance cisplatin and cisplatin . it is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell cancer , a type of cancer that affects the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has come back after treatment . it is also used in combination with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has come back after treatment . it is also used in combination with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has come back after initial treatment . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . treatment with this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
immunogam contains the active substance vaccination , which belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is used to treat adults and children aged hepatitis_b_virus years and older . it is used in adults and children aged vaccination and children who are at least one years of age . hepatitis b infection is a long - term illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is a long - term illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . this can lead to serious liver problems . vaccination with the hepatitis b virus can not protect against hepatitis b infection . hepatitis b is a long - term illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . this can lead to serious liver problems . vaccination with the hepatitis b virus can not protect against the number of hepatitis b virus . infected the amount of virus in the blood .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis or non - radiographic ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines called phototherapy . these medicines are also used to treat : - non - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis ( psoriasis ). these symptoms include psoriasis and non - radiographic ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the skin . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
the active ingredient in rasagiline_mylan is levodopa . levodopa is used to treat adult patients with a type of dopamine called dopamine ( dopamine ) in adults . it is used when the short - term treatment of parkinson ' s disease ( dopamine ) in adult patients with a condition called levodopa . it is used when the short ' s disease is when the brain cannot be controlled with other other medicines . this medicine is used when the symptoms of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease , when the symptoms has responded to other parts of the brain . levodopa is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease with primary generalised pulmonary disease .
yellox belongs to a class of medicines called nsaids . it is used to prevent inflammation of the following types of inflammation of the following types of inflammation of the following types of inflammation . nsaids is used to prevent the following types of inflammation of the following types of inflammation of the following types of inflammation of the following types of inflammation . nsaids is used to prevent inflammation of the following types of inflammation in patients who have had at least one years of age and who have a type of inflammation that can be given to you to prevent your body ' s immune system ) to reduce the number of developing blood cells . nsaids will be used to prevent the number of inflammation in patients who have had at least one years of age who suffer from your doctor , who will suggest be given other medicines .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a class of opioids called opioids . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men , women and women who have a small hormone called opioids . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men , women and women who have a small hormone called opioids . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men with women , who are small small hormone due to small amounts of radioactivity . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men with women , who are small hormone due to small amounts of radioactivity . opioids is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to small small amounts of radioactivity , who will suggest that it will be discontinued .
what erleada is surgical_treatment contains the active substance testosterone , which belongs to a class of testosterone called testosterone . this medicine is used for the treatment of prostate cancer cancer . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to the cancer and spread of the cancer . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to the cancer and spread to the cancer . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to grow and the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to the cancer .
the active substance in axumin is the_cancer . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type hormone receptor deficiency . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the blood . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the blood . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the blood . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the blood . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the blood . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the blood . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the blood . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced ' s disease .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide and belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type ii ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it is used to treat high blood pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults , adolescents and children over one years of age and older . it is used to treat high blood pressure in adults , adolescents and children over one years of age with idiopathic failure ( primary type glaucoma ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the eye ( pulmonary hypertension ). damage is used to treat high blood pressure in adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the eye . damage is used to treat high blood pressure in adults with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the lungs .
the active ingredient in forxiga is dapagliflozin . dapagliflozin is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this medicine is used to treat type 2 diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the body ' s immune system is not properly . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this medicine is used to treat type 2 diabetes .
the active ingredient of mepact is 30 . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( children and children ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the back of the back of the back of the back of the back of the back . chemotherapy is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the back of the back of the back of the back of the back of the back ( back ) in patients who have had at least 30 therapy . chemotherapy is used in adults and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body .
mirvaso contains the active substance skin and belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type blood_vessels ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and children aged skin years and older . it is used in adults to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the body ).
what mvasi is a_chemotherapy_regimen contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell cancer ( non - cancer cell cancer ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . when used for patients have breast cancer , it will be administered in combination with another medicine called gemcitabine . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body .
the active substance in tecartus is the_cancer_cells . this medicine is used for the treatment of a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cells called ' blood cell carcinoma . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells that help your body .
januvia contains the active substance dpp-4_inhibitors , which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp-4_inhibitors glucose inhibitors . this medicine helps to lower blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . this medicine helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . this medicine helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . this medicine helps to lower blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar .
xultophy is a medicine used to treat insulin_degludec ( type 2 diabetes ) type 2 diabetes mellitus when your type 2 diabetes is not controlled by diet and exercise given to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . this medicine helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin when your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin . your doctor will tell you if you are when your diet and exercise plan you cannot control your diet and exercise that you should your diet and exercise that you should your diet and exercise that you should take your diet .
giotrif contains the active substance your_first_treatment . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - cancer cell cancer cancer ( cancer cell cancer cells ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the cancer cells . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the cancer cells . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the cancer cells . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the cancer cells . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the cancer cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what orkambi is long-term_treatment contains the active substance ivacaftor . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who are at least one years of age . ivacaftor is used for the treatment of cf in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who have had at least one years of age and adolescents aged 6 years and older who are at least one years of age and who have had at least one years of age and adolescents who are at least one years of age and adolescents who are at least one years of age . ivacaftor is used for the treatment of cf in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who are at least one years of age with idiopathic medicine called cf .
lynparza is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance ovarian_cancer , which is used to treat cancer cells . growth cell cancer is a cancer of the bone marrow ( egfr ) cancer cells ). it is used for the treatment of advanced cancer cancer cancer ( cancer cell cancer cells ), a cancer cell cancer cells ), the cancer cells grow out of the surface of the cancer cells ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the surface of your cancer . advanced cancer cells are advanced cancer cell cancer cells ( egfr cancer cell cancer cells ), the cancer cells grow out of the cancer cells ) and the cancer cells grow out of control . this protein is used for the treatment of patients with advanced cancer cancer ( cancer cell cancer cells ), the cancer cells grow out of the cancer cells ).
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone , naloxone and naloxone . this medicine is used for the treatment of overdose in adult patients who have had at least one years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who suffer from at least one years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who are at least one years of age and who are at least least one years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who are at least least one years of age and who are at least least one years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who are at least least one years of age . it is used when the treatment of overdose ( a type of overdose that is thought to have a low level of overdose .
ovaleap contains the active substance a_gonadotropin , which belongs to a class of substances called fsh . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called primary non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older who have had at least one years of age . candidaemia is also used for the treatment of the following types of infections in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older who have had at least one years of age . candidaemia is also used for the treatment of adult patients who have had at least one years of age . candidaemia is also used for the treatment of adult patients who have had at least one years of age and who have had at least one years of age and who have had at least one years of age and who have had at least one worse .
mvabea tetra is a medicine that contains the active ingredient filovirus . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older . it is used in adults and children aged 1 years and older who are at least one years of age . it is also used in adults and children aged 1 years and older who are at least one years of age and older who are at least one years of age . it is also used in adults and children aged 1 years and older who are at least one years of age who are at least one years of age . this medicine is used in adults and children aged 1 years and older who are at least one years of age who are at least one years of age . this medicine is used in adults and children aged 1 years and older .
bondronat contains the active substance bisphosphonates , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called ' non - small cell other_bone_problems ( surgery ). it is also used in adults ( another type of cancer that affects the bone marrow ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( a process called a type of fat ), a process known as surgery , surgery , surgery , surgery , surgery , surgery , surgery , surgery , surgery , surgery , surgery , surgery and weaker ( also known as surgery , surgery , surgery , surgery and weaker . this medicine is also used when your doctor has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( a process known as a process known as surgery , surgery and surgery .
the active ingredient of zeposia is inflammation . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of white blood cell called b ( lymphocytes ) in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell called white blood cells ). it is used in adults and children ( children and children ) with a type of white blood cell called b . this can lead to serious problems such as heart disease , inflammation of the brain and spinal cord . this can lead to serious problems such as heart disease , inflammation of the brain and spinal cord . this can lead to serious problems such as heart disease , inflammation of the brain and spinal cord . this can lead to serious problems such as heart disease , inflammation of the brain and spinal cord . this medicine is used to reduce the number of the disease .
this medicine contains an active substance called vilanterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used when the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used when the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles of the lungs . this will reduce the number of copd in your blood .
the active ingredient in zinforo is an_antibiotic_medicine , which belongs to a group of medicines called infections_of_the_skin . it is used to treat adults and children ( children and children ) in adults and children ( a type of skin cancer that affects the skin and spinal cord . this medicine is also used to treat adults and children ( children and children ) who have a type of skin disease called a type of skin cancer caused by other parts of the skin . this can lead to other parts of the skin . this can lead to other parts of the skin . this can lead to serious parts of the skin and spinal cord . the active ingredient in the vaccine is an inflammatory disease of the skin and spinal cord . this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ms .
pregabalin_pfizer contains the active substance pregabalin_pfizer and belongs to a group of medicines called epilepsy . it is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults , adolescents and children aged diabetes years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged diabetes years and older . these symptoms include diabetes , throbbing , stabbing , stabbing , stabbing , stabbing , stabbing , stabbing , stabbing , stabbing , stabbing , stabbing , stabbing , sharp , stabbing , sharp , stabbing , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp , sharp
xadago contains the active substance levodopa , which belongs to a class of substances called " dopamine inhibitors ". it is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the symptoms of the parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the symptoms of the parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used when the symptoms of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ) in adult patients with a condition called " class of parkinson ' s disease ). it is used when the symptoms of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used when the symptoms of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisolone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called disease . it is used in adults and children ( a type of disease that is a type of disease that affects the body ' s immune system ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of disease called primary type of disease ( primary type of disease ). this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called prednisolone .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which belongs to a group of anti - hormonal medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific target in the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 2 gaucher disease . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
what ritemvia is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab , which is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adult patients with type 2 gaucher cancer . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older who have had at least one years of age . these medicines can be used when other treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , reduce your physical function and reduce your physical function and reduce the number of developing your blood cells .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called anti - cancer medicines . capecitabine is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( surgery ). it is also used in combination with capecitabine ( another anti - cancer cancer ). it is also used in combination with capecitabine ( another anti - cancer cancer ). it is also used in combination with capecitabine ( another anti - cancer cancer ). it is also used in combination with capecitabine ( another anti - cancer cancer ). it is also used in combination with capecitabine ( another anti - cancer medicines ). it is also used in combination with capecitabine ( another anti - cancer medicines ). it is also used in combination with capecitabine ( another anti - cancer medicines ). it is also used in combination with capecitabine ( another anti - cancer medicines ). it is also used in combination with capecitabine ( another anti - cancer medicines ). it is also used in combination with capecitabine and 5 - fluorouracil .
silodosin_recordati belongs to a class of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers inhibitors . it is used in adults and adolescents aged alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers years and over ' s disease ( also known as prostatic_hyperplasia incontinence ). this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers years and over ' s disease ( prostatic_hyperplasia incontinence ) in adults and adolescents ( a condition called prostatic_hyperplasia incontinence ) in adult men . it is used in adults and adolescents aged alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers years and over ' s disease ( also known as a result of the bladder ). it is used in adults and adolescents aged alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers years and over ' s disease ( also known as a result of the bladder ). it is used in adults and adolescents aged alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers years and older .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in the body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . irbesartan bms increases the effect of angiotensin ii the blood vessels relax , and the blood pressure is lowered . irbesartan bms is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled by they have high blood pressure . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla is a medicine that contains the active ingredient factor_viii . this medicine is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood cells . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to clot . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to clot . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to haemophilia the disease . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to haemophilia off blood cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you should be given this medicine .
praxbind contains the active substance pradaxa . pradaxa is used to treat type pradaxa ( a type of pradaxa ) in the blood vessels in your blood . pradaxa is used to treat adult patients with type pradaxa diabetes . type pradaxa diabetes is also used in adults and children ( another type of kidney cancer ). it is used when diet and children ( another type of pradaxa ) is a type of cancer that affects the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( a type of blood ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( a type of blood ), in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( a type of blood ), in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( a type of blood ) ), the body ' s blood cells ) and lower the growth of your blood cells .
temomedac contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in adult patients whose disease has not responded to treatment . it is used in adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in adult patients whose disease has not responded to treatment . it is also used in combination with standard therapy ( 3 years ) and adult patients whose disease has not responded to treatment . it is also used in patients whose disease is not fully controlled with standard therapy . it is also used in combination with 3 years and older for patients whose disease has not responded to treatment and has failed to prevent blood clots ( such as 3 ), and - you have previously experienced a medicine known as 3 inhibitors , and - you have previously experienced a severe type of medicine known as 3 inhibitors .
cialis contains the active substance a_hard_erect_penis , which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of 5 ( pulmonary hypertension ) in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 5 diabetes . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 5 diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 5 years and older . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 5 diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 5 years and older who suffer from a condition called erectile dysfunction . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with erectile dysfunction ( essential hypertension ) in adult men , adolescents and children aged 5 years and older who suffer .
the active ingredient in enyglid is repaglinide . repaglinide is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar .
azacitidine_mylan is a medicine that contains the active substance azacitidine . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called aml ( also known as aml , a type of white blood cells ). it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called aml . how azacitidine works azacitidine is a cancer of the bone marrow . this can lead to a specific target in the body . this can lead to a specific target in the body . this can lead to a low level of white blood cells . this can lead to a low level of white blood cells . this can lead to a low level of white blood cells . this can lead to a low level of white blood cells . this can lead to a low level of white blood cells . this can lead to a low level of white blood cells . this can lead to a low level of white blood cells .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , timolol and timolol . timolol is used to treat glaucoma ( long term hypertension ) in adults , adolescents and children over eye years of age with idiopathic sclerosis ( glaucoma ) in adults , adolescents and children over one years of age with idiopathic sclerosis ( glaucoma ) in adults , adolescents and children over one years of age with idiopathic sclerosis ( glaucoma ). glaucoma is a long - term illness in which the eye does not work properly . it is used in adults to treat high blood pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults , adolescents and children over one years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic genetic ) that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic genetic or that is thought to have a genetic genetic ).
the active ingredient in nplate is immunoglobulins . immunoglobulins is used to prevent blood clots ( bleeding ) in adults and children aged 1 years and older . it is used in adults and children ( aged 1 years and older ) who have a type of white blood cells called low blood cells ( known as itp , a type of white blood cells ). platelets is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . your doctor has prescribed bruising to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of developing these disorders because : - you have a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for your blood . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe pulmonary disease ( pulmonary disease ) in adults . it is used to relieve the symptoms of copd in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with a condition called copd ( a condition known as a condition known as copd , copd , copd or tightening of breath . copd is a long - term disease of the lungs and lungs in the lungs and lungs . this reduces the number of copd in the lungs , lungs and reduce the number of copd and toe ulcers .
adasuve contains the active substance antipsychotics and belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . it is used for the treatment of schizophrenia in adult patients with a condition called schizophrenia such as schizophrenia , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty and ankle swelling . this medicine helps to reduce your symptoms and reduce your symptoms .
azacitidine_betapharm is a medicine that contains the active substance azacitidine . this medicine is used to treat : - symptomatic multiple sclerosis ( aml ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of white blood cell deficiency ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) in the blood vessels in the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) in the blood vessels in the bone marrow ( a process known as a process known as aml , which can lead to abnormal bone ( bone marrow ). this can lead to a low level of white blood cells . this can lead to a low level of white blood cells . this can lead to a low level of white blood cells . this can lead to a low level of white blood cells . this can lead to a low level of white blood cells . this can lead to a low level of white blood cells .
the active ingredient of cerdelga is your_medicine . this medicine is used for the treatment of bones ( a type of spleen cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used in adults and children and children ( a type of spleen cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men ( a type of spleen cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men ( a type of cancer that has spread to spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic_acid , which belongs to a class of bisphosphonates called bisphosphonates . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called non - small cell bone failure in adult patients ( a type of cancer that is known as a type of cancer that has spread to the bone of the bone and blood vessels in the body . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). it is also used in adult patients ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the bone . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). it is also used in adult patients ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the bone and bone . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
varuby is a medicine that contains the active ingredient chemotherapy . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of sick ( sick ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of nausea and older ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of nausea and older ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of vomiting that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ). it is also used in adults and adolescents ( a type of chemotherapy that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ). it is also used in adults and adolescents ( a type of chemotherapy that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ). this medicine is used for the treatment of chemotherapy in adult patients with a condition called chemotherapy ( a type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic genetic ).
enerzair_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . this medicine helps to reduce the number of corticosteroids in your lungs . this will reduce the number of asthma in your blood . this will reduce the number of asthma in your blood . this will reduce the number of asthma in your blood . this will reduce the number of bronchoconstriction in your blood . this will reduce the number of asthma in your blood . this will reduce the number of disability and reduce the symptoms of your disease and reduce the symptoms of developing ' s disease . asthma is used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called wheezing .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh contains the active ingredient platelets , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , heart attack , or death ). there have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ).
delstrigo contains the active substance lamivudine . this medicine belongs to a class of medicines called 'antiretroviral_medicines inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older who are at least 18 years of age . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least 18 years of age . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least 18 years of age . this medicine is used when the treatment of hiv ( low immunodeficiency cell count ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least 18 years of age . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least 18 years .
spravato contains the active substance esketamine , which belongs to a group of medicines called this_medicine inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat depression ( long - term disease ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include depression , depression , depression , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression and depression .
zelboraf is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance melanoma . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( a type of cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it has spread to other parts of the body , which has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body .
duoplavin contains the active substance clopidogrel , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is used for the treatment of adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as platelets , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as platelets , clopidogrel failure ). there is also used for the treatment of adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to prevent blood clots in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled controlled with a condition called platelets .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 18 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least 18 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least 18 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ) who are at least 18 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ) in which the eyes is not possible . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim , which belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines . it is used to reduce the number of white blood cells in your blood vessels ( part of blood cells ). white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . filgrastim is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . these cells are very important in the body to fight blood cells . white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very important in the body to fight blood cells . these cells are very important in the body to fight blood cells . these cells are very important in the body to fight blood cells . these cells are very important in the body to fight and destroy blood cells .
the active ingredient in riluzole_zentiva is riluzole . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( children and children ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a rare type of paralysis that affects the muscles of the muscles of the muscles of the muscles of the muscles of the muscles and spinal cord . this medicine is used in adults and children ( a condition called class of ms ). this medicine is used when the symptoms of the symptoms of paralysis ( paralysis ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( paralysis ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ). this medicine is used in adults and children ( a condition called class of ms ). this medicine is used in adults and children ( a condition called class of ms ). this medicine is used in adults and children ( a condition called class of ms ).
emgality is a medicine that contains the active ingredient migraine . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 4 years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 4 years and older who are at least 4 years of age and adolescents aged 4 years and older , who are at least 4 years of age and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least 4 years of age and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least one years of age . migraine is used to treat children and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least 4 years of age . migraine is used to treat children and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least one years of age . migraine is used to treat children and adolescents aged 4 years of age with idiopathic disease .
defitelio contains the active substance medicines , which belongs to a class of medicines called renin inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled . this condition is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients ( a type of medicines known as a type of blood cell ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels ) and the body ' s defences ). this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults and children ( a type of cancer that is thought to have high blood pressure .
what daklinza is this_medicine contains the active substance the_other_medicines . this medicine is an antiretroviral medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged hepatitis_c_infection years and older . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is used in combination with other medicines . this medicine is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . your doctor has prescribed other other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given other medicines .
proquad is a vaccine that contains the active ingredient chickenpox . it is used to treat chickenpox ( chickenpox ) infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . it is used to treat hepatitis b virus caused by the hepatitis b virus caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine is caused by the hepatitis b virus ( antibodies ) against the hepatitis b virus ). the vaccine works by helping the immune system to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the immune system that produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . these_viruses is used to treat children and adolescents aged the_vaccine years of age and who are at least one years of age who receive the hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine is caused by the hepatitis b virus .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called retinoids . it is used to treat adults and children aged retinoids years and older . it is used in combination with phototherapy ( a type of skin cancer ). it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , or nsaids .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe pulmonary disease ( pulmonary disease ) in adults . it is used to relieve the symptoms of copd in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with a condition called copd ( a condition known as a condition known as copd , a condition known as copd , copd , copd , copd , muscles , breathing_difficult , muscles , breathing_difficult , muscles , breathing_difficult , muscles , breathing_difficult , muscles , breathing_difficult , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , breathing_difficult , muscles , breathing_difficult , muscles and muscles .
what riximyo is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab . this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine that works by stopping the growth of cells in your body . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 2_years years and older who have had at least one years of age . it is used in adults to treat : - rheumatoid arthritis in adults who have had at least one years of age . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat : - patients who have previously had at least one years of age . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat : - patients who have previously had at least one years of age . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or are not suitable .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance cisplatin and cisplatin . it belongs to a group of medicines called " radiotherapy inhibitors ". it is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the lung or radiotherapy . radiotherapy is used in combination with surgery or radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy and radiotherapy .
the active substance in rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called alzheimer's_dementia inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called acetylcholine ( a type of dementia known as " dementia ) in adult patients whose disease has responded to other parts of the brain . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called acetylcholine ( a type of brain cancer ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease , a type of brain cancer that affects the memory and symptoms of the parkinson ' s disease and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - cancer cell cancer ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the blood cells . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - cancer cell cancer ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer .
the name of this medicine is pemetrexed_hospira . this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance cisplatin and cisplatin . it is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose lung cancer has spread to other parts of the lung or lung back after treatment with treatment with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has spread to other parts of the lung , but could be used alone or in combination with cisplatin and cisplatin . - for the treatment of treatment with advanced stage of cancer , it is also used in combination with cisplatin for the treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has spread to other parts of your body . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol and belongs to a class of medicines called prostamides . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of medicines called prostamides . it is used in adults to treat a type of medicines called prostamides . it is only used to treat adult patients with a type of medicines called prostamides . it is only used to treat adult patients with a type of medicines called prostamides . it is only used to treat adult patients with a type of medicines called prostamides . it is only used to treat adults and adolescents aged eye years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of fits that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ) in which the eye cannot pump its own of the eye and spinal cord . this vaccine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called prostamides .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib , which belongs to a group of non - cancer medicines called monoclonal growth factor receptor ( egfr ) growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is found on the growth and spread of the lung cells . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the lung cancer cells ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the lung cancer cells ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the cancer .
reblozyl is a medicine that contains the active substance oxygen , which is made up in the body . this medicine is used to treat anaemia ( anaemia ) in adults and children ( a type of anaemia that is thought to have a genetic type of anaemia . it is used in adults and children ( a type of anaemia that is thought to have a genetic genetic level of the body ( a type of blood that is thought to have a genetic genetic level of the body ( anaemia ). it is used when the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of anaemia that is thought to have a genetic genetic level ).
what fotivda is a_protein_kinase_inhibitor contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , which is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - cancer cell cancer ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the surface of your cancer . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the epidermal growth of the cancer . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the surface of certain cancer cells ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the surface of your cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . other_treatments is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer .
the name of this medicine is tenofovir_disoproxil . this medicine is an antiretroviral medicine that contains the active substance elvitegravir . this medicine is used for the treatment of an_integrase_inhibitor_cobicistat ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who are at least 35 kg . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 12 years of age and who have had at least one years of age . it is also used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older who are at least one years of age and who are at least one years of age . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is also used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older .
zyprexa belongs to a class of medicines called antipsychotics . it belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( hearing ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( a condition called schizophrenia ). these symptoms include depressed and tense . these symptoms include excitement and anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious and tense . there is also used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe parkinson ' s disease . it is also used to relieve the symptoms of symptoms associated with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used to relieve the symptoms of symptoms associated with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used to relieve the symptoms of symptoms associated with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used in combination with other anti - epileptic medicines .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab , which belongs to a class of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of medicines called osteoporosis . osteoporosis is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of symptoms and older ) in adult patients who have had at least one therapy . it is also used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of symptoms and older ) in adult patients who have had at least one therapy . it is also used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called osteoporosis . osteoporosis is also used in patients who have had at least one therapy . it is also used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called osteoporosis . osteoporosis is also used in patients who have had at least one therapy .
what ambirix is the_severity contains the active ingredient 6 and 6 . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 6 years and older . it is used to treat adults and children aged 6 years and older who are at least 6 years of age . it is also used when other medicines have not worked well enough or are not suitable . it is also used in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who are at least one years of age . your doctor will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given other medicines . these medicines are not suitable for you . your doctor will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
the active ingredient of bexsero is the_vaccine . this medicine is used to treat children and children aged 2 years and older . it is used to treat children and children aged 2 years and older . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable . it is also used to treat children and children aged 2 years and older with type 2 diabetes . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable . it is also used to treat children and children aged 2 years and older who are at least one years of age with type 2 diabetes . this medicine is used to treat children and adolescents aged 2 years and older who are at least one years of age with type 2 diabetes . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
the active substance in nitisinone_mdk is nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 1 gaucher disease . it is used in adults and children ( aged 1 years and older ) in adults and adolescents aged 1 years and older . this medicine is also used in adult patients who do not have enough growth hormone ( another amino acid ). this medicine is used in adult patients who do not have enough growth hormone ( another amino acid ). this medicine is also used in adult patients who have a type of diet in your body . this medicine is also used in adult patients who have a type of diet in your body . this medicine is also used in adult patients who have a type of diet in the body . this medicine is used in adult patients who do not tolerate enough therapy .
docetaxel_accord contains the active substance docetaxel . docetaxel is an anti - cancer medicine . it belongs to a group of anti - hormonal medicines called taxoids . docetaxel is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is also used when the treatment has spread to other parts of the lung or cannot be removed . it is also used in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . it is also used when the treatment has spread to other parts of the lung , but could be treated with a chemotherapy regimen , doxorubicin , doxorubicin and capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer , doxorubicin , cyclophosphamide , cyclophosphamide , cyclophosphamide and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of early breast cancer , doxorubicin , doxorubicin and capecitabine .
intuniv contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called this_medicine inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active ingredient candida . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older . it is used to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older who have had at least one years of age . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
adynovi is a medicine used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . it is used for the treatment of bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . this condition is used to treat : - related disease caused by a lack of red blood cells . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older ( a type of fungal blood cell ) in the blood vessels ( a process known as bleeding ). it is also used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older ( a type of fungal blood cell deficiency ). it is used for the treatment of the following types of bleeding in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age with idiopathic disease ( a type of epilepsy that is thought to have an increased blood factor deficiency ).
the active substance in rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) . this medicine is an anticancer medicine that contains the active substance vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced ' s disease . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance corticosteroids , which belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . it is used when the symptoms of copd ( pulmonary disease ) in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who suffer from a condition called copd . this medicine is used for the treatment of copd in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who are at least one years of age . these symptoms include copd , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing and cough .
atripla contains the active substance emtricitabine . this medicine is an antiretroviral medicine . this medicine is used for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor ) infection . it is used for the treatment of an_enzyme_(reverse_transcriptase ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used for the treatment of failure in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least 18 years of age . it is also used when the treatment of failure and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least 18 years of age . it is also used for the treatment of failure in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least 18 years of age . it is also used for the treatment of failure in adults who have had at least one years of age .
orgalutran contains the active substance gonadotrophins , which belongs to a class of medicines called gonadotrophins inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men . it is used in adult men , in adult men . it is used for the treatment of adult men ( a type of medicines known as " follicles ) in adult men . it is used for the treatment of adult men ( low levels of follicles ) in adult men . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men ( low levels of follicles ) in adult men . men is used to treat adult men ( low levels of follicles ) in adult men , who are at risk of follicles . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men ( a type of cancer that is thought to have low levels of the ovaries .
the active ingredient in blitzima is rituximab . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of white blood cell called cll . it is used in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell ) in your body . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called cll . cll is a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . this can lead to serious problems ( a type of white blood cell called white blood cells ). cll is used in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell ) in your body . this can cause your immune system and reduce the number of developing ' s disease .
the active substance in roactemra is interleukin-6 . this medicine is used for the treatment of cancer . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it is also used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . it is also used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . this condition is caused by a condition called pain . this condition is caused by a condition called the_damage_to_the_cartilage . this medicine is also used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . this condition is caused by a condition called the_damage_to_the_cartilage . this can lead to serious problems such as heart disease , pain and swelling . this can lead to serious problems such as heart disease , pain and swelling . this can lead to serious problems such as heart disease , pain and swelling . this can lead to serious problems such as heart disease , pain , swelling and swelling .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used for the treatment of pulmonary pulmonary hypertension ( copd ) in adults . it is used when the symptoms of copd ( pulmonary disease ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term disease of the lungs ( pulmonary pulmonary airways ). it is used when the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adult patients with a condition called copd . copd is a long - term disease of the lungs and lungs in the lungs and lungs . this makes the number of copd in the lungs , lungs and reduce the number of copd and lungs that help to open your breathing and reduce the number of being exposed to breathing_difficulties out of the lungs .
clopidogrel_hcs contains the active substance clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel teva is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , heart attack or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
fetcroja is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active ingredient cephalosporins . it belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called cephalosporins . cephalosporins is used to treat adults with a type of bacteria called infections . it is used in adults to treat the following types of infections caused by a type of white blood cell called white blood cells that have not improved during treatment with other medicines to reduce the number of white blood cells that have not improved during treatment with other medicines to reduce the number of white blood cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
the active ingredient in depocyte is depocyte . this medicine is used to treat the symptoms of pulmonary pulmonary hypertension ( ms ) in adult patients with a type of brain disease called ms . it can affect the brain of the brain and spinal cord in the brain and spinal cord . ms is one of the brain and spinal cord in the brain and spinal cord . the active substances in the brain can lead to other parts of the brain and spinal cord in the brain and spinal cord . ms is also used to treat the symptoms of adult patients with idiopathic type of consciousness ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ). this medicine has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits that help to reduce the number of fits .
the name of this medicine is this_medicine . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . this medicine helps to reduce the airways and reduce the airways of the lungs and lungs . it belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . this medicine helps to reduce the number of corticosteroids in your lungs . this will reduce the number of corticosteroids in your blood . this will reduce the number of corticosteroids in your blood . this will reduce the number of corticosteroids in your blood . this will reduce the number of corticosteroids in your blood . this will reduce the number of corticosteroids in your blood . this will reduce the number of disability in your blood .
zyllt contains the active substance clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , heart attack or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva contains the active substance lamivudine_teva , which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type factor ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it is used in adults and children ( children and children ) who are at least one years of age . it is used in adults and children ( children and children ) who are at least one years of age . your doctor has prescribed treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine used to treat adult patients with low ' s disease .
nespo is a medicine that contains the active substance erythropoietin . this medicine is used to treat : - symptomatic stable kidney failure ( anaemia ) in adults and children aged anaemia ( a type of anaemia that affects the blood vessels ) in the blood and blood vessels in the blood and blood vessels in the blood . this can lead to serious problems ( low blood cell count ). anaemia is used for the treatment of anaemia in adult patients with a type of anaemia called anaemia . anaemia is used to treat anaemia ( a type of anaemia that affects the blood vessels in the blood . this can lead to serious problems ( low blood cell count ). anaemia is used in adults and adolescents ( a type of anaemia that is thought to have high blood cells ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of anaemia that is thought to have a low blood transfusion ).
macugen is a medicine that contains the active substance damage . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( children and children ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of consciousness ) in the body . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of consciousness ) in the eye system ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children over damage years of age and who are at least damage to damage through the eye and damage to the eye and damage to the eye and damage to the eye and damage to the eye and damage to the eye and damage to the eye and spinal cord . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of damage that has spread to other parts of the body ( damage ) in the body .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a class of treatments called treatments . it is used in adults to treat a type of chemotherapy called tissues ( a type of dryness ) in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents ( a condition called chemotherapy ) in adult patients who have a condition called chemotherapy ( also known as chemotherapy , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness .
the active ingredient in cinacalcet_accordpharma is calcium . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure in adults . it is used in adults to treat high blood clots ( dialysis ) in adult patients with high blood pressure ( dialysis ) in adults and children ( a type of dialysis that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( pulmonary embolism ). this helps to reduce the number of calcium in your blood . this helps to reduce the number of calcium in your blood . this can lead to serious heart problems , heart failure and kidney failure . this medicine is also used to prevent high blood pressure in adult patients with high blood pressure in adult patients .
the name of this medicine is this_medicine . this medicine is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this medicine helps to lower blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines called rilpivirine inhibitors . it belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( hiv ). rilpivirine is used to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . it is used to treat hiv infection in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who have at least 12 years of age and adolescents 12 years of age and older , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older who have at least 12 years of age and adolescents 12 years of age and older , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older who have at least 12 years of age and adolescents 12 years of age and older and adolescents aged 12 years and older who are at at least 12 years of hiv .
avandamet contains the active substance rosiglitazone . rosiglitazone is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . rosiglitazone is used to treat type 2 diabetes in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of insulin in your blood .
clopidogrel_mylan contains the active substance clopidogrel , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , heart attack or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet contains the active ingredient platelets , which belongs to a group of medicines called platelets . it is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) caused by bleeding ( bleeding ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in the blood and blood vessels in the blood vessels ( bleeding ). this can lead to serious problems ( low blood cells ). these cells are caused by low blood cells ( bleeding ). this can lead to serious problems ( low blood cells ). these cells are caused by a low level of red blood cells . this can lead to serious problems ( low blood cells ). these cells are caused by a low level of red blood cells . this can lead to serious problems ( low blood cells ). these cells are caused by a low level of red blood cells .
the active ingredient in rapiscan is body , which belongs to a class of medicines called medicines called medicines . it is used to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels to the heart . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels to the heart . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels to the heart . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels to the heart and toe ulcers that appear .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil acid and belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 5 diabetes in adults . it is used in adults to prevent high blood pressure in adult patients with type 5 diabetes . this condition is also used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( pulmonary hypertension ) in adults . it is used in adults to prevent high blood pressure in adult patients with type 5 diabetes . it is used in adults to prevent high blood pressure in adult patients with type 5 diabetes in adults . it is used in adults to prevent high blood pressure in adult patients with type 5 diabetes in adults and adolescents ( a condition known as impotence , a condition known as impotence , which is not there .
sifrol contains the active substance levodopa , which belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine_agonists inhibitors . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ) in adult patients with a condition called levodopa . levodopa is used to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ) in adult patients with a condition called levodopa . it is also used when the symptoms of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ) in adult patients with a condition called levodopa . it is also used when the symptoms of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ) in adult patients with a condition called levodopa . it is also used when the symptoms of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
emadine contains the active substance emadine , which is an antiallergy medicine . this medicine is used to prevent pain and symptoms of swelling clots ( swelling ) in adults and adolescents over swelling years of age and older . these symptoms include itching and swelling of the eye and swelling of the eye and spinal cord . these symptoms include itching and swelling of the eye and eye . this can lead to serious problems such as itching , redness , swelling and swelling of the eye and eye . this can lead to serious problems such as itching , redness , swelling and swelling of the eye and spinal cord . this can lead to serious problems such as heart disease , redness , swelling and swelling of the eye and eye . this can lead to serious problems such as heart disease , redness and swelling .
what levetiracetam_actavis is levetiracetam contains the active substance levetiracetam , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat seizures ( epilepsy ) seizures . levetiracetam is used to treat epilepsy in adults and adolescents aged 16 years and older . it is used to treat generalised pulmonary hypertension ( epilepsy ) in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . it is used when other medicines have not worked to work . it is also used when other medicines have not worked to work . it is also used when other medicines have not worked to work . it is also used when other medicines have not worked to work . it is also used when other medicines have not worked to work . it is also used when other medicines have not worked well enough to reduce the number of fits in your blood .
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance bronchodilators , belongs to a class of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with a condition called copd . it is used when the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used when the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with a condition called copd . this medicine is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ).
nucala contains the active substance medicines , which belongs to a class of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . it is used for the treatment of 6 years of age and adolescents aged 6 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older ( a type of asthma_attacks that is thought to have an increased blood cells ). it is also used when other medicines are not suitable .
what ninlaro is lenalidomide contains the active substance dexamethasone , dexamethasone and dexamethasone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( treatment of prostate cancer cells ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called dexamethasone . lenalidomide is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the cftr gene . lenalidomide will be used alone or in combination with other medicines . lenalidomide is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the cftr gene . lenalidomide will be used alone or in combination with other medicines . lenalidomide is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer .
what palforzia is treatment for treatment is treatment for adults , adolescents and children aged 4 years and older . it is used to treat children and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least 17 kg . it is used to treat children and adolescents aged 4 years and older who suffer from at least 17 kg who are at least 17 kg . it is used in children and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least 17 kg who are at least 17 kg . it is also used to treat children and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least 17 kg who are at least 17 kg . it is also used to treat children and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least 17 kg who are at least 17 kg . it is also used in children and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least 17 kg .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine and belongs to a class of medicinal_products called benzodiazepine . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( children and children ) who are at least one years of age . these symptoms include treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough treatment .
