incivo contains the active substance ribavirin . ribavirin is an antiviral medicine used to treat chronic hepatitis b virus infection in adults . it belongs to a group of medicines called peginterferon_alfa . it is used to treat chronic hepatitis b virus infection in adults . it is used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b infection in adults . it is used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b infection in adults who have not previously previously treated for chronic hepatitis c infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . this will be taken in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b infection in adults . it is also used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b infection in adults . it is also used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b infection in adults who have not previously been treated for chronic hepatitis b infection .
zinbryta contains the active substance zinbryta . demyelination is used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . ms is a long - term disease that affects the central nervous system ( multiple_sclerosis ), which causes ms . ms is often used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the nerves ( ms ) of the brain and spinal cord . relapsing - remitting ms : ms is often caused by the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ). this limits the nerves to become demyelination and demyelination . ms is often used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( demyelination ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ). ms is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( multiple_sclerosis ), including ms . relapsing - remitting ms ( demyelination ): ms is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( demyelination ). ms is often used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( demyelination ) in adults . ms is a long - term disease of the central nervous system that affects the brain and spinal cord . relapsing - remitting ms is often called ms that affects the central nervous system ( demyelination ). this limits nerve damage caused by ms . ms is often used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . relapsing - remitting ms is often caused by the body ' s immune system by damaging the brain and spinal cord .
wilzin belongs to a group of medicines called anti - rheumatic medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called " liver medicines ". it is used to prevent adults and children of liver_damage years of age and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your child ' s disease ( intestine ). it is used in children and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) who have had an operation to ( also known as " liver disease ). this is when the liver does not work properly ( decompensated liver disease ). in children , adolescents , children and infants over one month of age . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the number of the severity of the liver .
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection . infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age and older , and weighing at least 1 kg . hiv is a disease in which your body does not make enough infection to control the level of the virus in your blood . your immune system will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . infection is used in combination with other anti - retroviral medicines to treat children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child to reduce the number of the virus in your blood . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you to help prevent infection .
novonorm contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when insulin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . repaglinide actavis helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether the_insulin is working 3 to 2 months after you start taking it . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent flu ( flu ). pandemic flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . vaccine can be used in children and adolescents 18 years of age and older .
somakit_toc contains the active substance tumours . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . the use of tumours does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . the use of tumours does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation . please refer to the package leaflet of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
afinitor contains the active substance everolimus , which belongs to a group of substances called everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic , tumour cancer ) in adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called postmenopausal growth factor ) in combination with cetuximab ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to other parts of the advanced_renal_cell_carcinoma ( part of the female reproductive system ).
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the activity of these airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . duoresp spiromax can only be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol . if you do not respond to these dysfunction , you will be taking with exviera . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
tremfya contains the active substance il-23 , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins . it blocks the activity of il - 1 and il - 1 . this medicine is used to treat the following conditions : psoriasis , a disease with symptoms such as burning , itching , itching and pain . these symptoms are usually described as hot , itching , itching , itching , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , pain and pain . by blocking these neuropathic pain , itching , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , pain and pain .
trepulmix contains the active substance surgical_treatment , which belongs to a group of medicines called hormone receptor inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . it is used when the blood vessels form of the lungs ( the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that causes blood from the body to the lungs ). this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . tracleer is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients where the high blood pressure is not controlled enough when treatment with other medicines to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients where the high blood pressure is not controlled enough with other medicines used to treat diabetes .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . this is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ", which is made up in blood clotting forming . your_dialysis_machine is used in adults to treat type 1 gaucher disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this is a blood disorder that can cause blood clots from forming in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in children and adolescents ( aged 1 years and older ) with type 2 disease . in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this can be used when you have an irregular heart beat ( also known as a heart attack ) due to a class of medicines called " heart failure ". your_dialysis_machine reduces the chances of a blood clot forming that can reduce blood flow . your_dialysis_machine is used in adults to treat adults and children aged 1 year and older .
senstend contains the active substance lidocaine . prilocaine is a member of a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . prilocaine belongs to a group of medicines called sodium agonists . prilocaine is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , such as penis penis suitable for sexual activity . lifelong_premature_ejaculation is a man , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . ejaculation is a long - term condition of the penis , which makes it easier for air to get in and out of the penis to the penis . it is used for the treatment of adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ). lifelong_premature_ejaculation is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( lifelong_premature_ejaculation ) in adult patients with a condition called prilocaine . it is only only to be used in men , adolescents and children over one month of age .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab . nivolumab is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins . trastuzumab is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , is a type of cancer that affects the lining of the large bowel . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or is not suitable for you . this medicine is also used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer when surgery is a type of cancer affecting the skin . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or is not suitable for them after surgery . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines that travels through the bloodstream .
clopidogrel_tad contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat : - symptomatic stable heart failure in adults . kidney medicine can be used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . rejection is a condition where your body does not make enough kidney to the heart ( the body ' s natural defences ) will try to reject the organ . rejection can be used in combination with other anti - epileptic medicines when other medicines have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough . your doctor will also give you take medicines to take rejection . your doctor will ask you to take this medicine on its own or together with other medicines to help prevent heart disease . your doctor will tell you to take this medicine .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance ' a_radioactive_medicine '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also known as non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells ( also known as a combination of a certain type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also that is used for the treatment of adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also that is used for the treatment of adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also that is used for the treatment of adult patients with another non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is used together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in patients who do not have previously mutations treated with another medicine ( medicines for treating cancer ).
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lining_of_the_lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be used either alone or in combination with other medicines for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be used either alone or in combination with other medicines for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be used either alone or in combination with other medicines .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . what vaccination is used for vaccination is used to treat severe hepatitis b virus infection in adults . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . vaccination , the virus in the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . vaccination , the virus that causes immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is often caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is often used to treat hepatitis b infection in adults and children aged vaccination to vaccination . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination of the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab is a monoclonal antibody which attaches to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given infliximab to : reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given treatments to : reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given treatments to : reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it helps to reduce the levels of dopamine and dopamine in the brain . it is used in adults to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by a reduced level of the brain ( called parkinson ' s disease ) and in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine . in adult men , it is used : on its own in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and exercise used to treat parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ) and in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . it belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to prevent inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation in adults who have not had inflammation of their blood before inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation and the inflammation of the inflammation ( deep vein thrombosis ) and after inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) which can reduce the number of red blood cells ( inflammation ). retacrit is used to prevent anaemia in adults who have had at least one previous treatment for surgery or when inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ).
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong hormones called opioids . sufentanil is used for the treatment of prostate cancer of adult men with prostate cancer that has come back after at least one month . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients with prostate cancer that has come back after at least one month . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men with prostate cancer that has come back after at least one month . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive hormone that is used for the treatment of adult men with prostate cancer that has come back after at least sufentanil .
erleada is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone . what surgical_treatment is used for surgical_treatment is used to treat adult men with a type of testosterone called testosterone . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " basal cell carcinoma ) and adult adult patients with a type of breast cancer called " non - small cell body ". it is used in adult adult patients who have been tried at least one anti - cancer medicine , which cannot be removed from the body . a special type of testosterone is called " epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). this special cancer is caused by a special type of testosterone . it is used in combination with another medicine called testosterone ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein that is found on the surface of the cancer .
axumin is a medicine that contains the active substance scan . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation ( p177plu ) inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . memantine lek is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain scan called non - small cell lung cancer ( a_pet_scan ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the brain and other organs . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the brain and other organs . the use of scan does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet antihypertensives . brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure ( hypertension ) in adults . glaucoma is a condition in which the body does not make enough glaucoma . it causes the amount of angiotensin ii allows the blood vessels in the eye . this pressure can cause damage to the sight . this pressure can cause damage to the eye and damage to the rest of the eye . this pressure can cause damage to the eye and damage to the rest of the eye . this pressure can cause damage to the eye and damage to the rest of the eye . this pressure can cause damage to the eye and damage to the rest of your eye . this pressure can cause damage to the eye and damage to the rest of the eye .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . dapagliflozin is a member of a class of medicines called mouth . it is used to treat type 1 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus . this type 2 diabetes usually occurs when the body does not make enough insulin or if the insulin that the body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , obese , overweight and overweight . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and overweight .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . chemotherapy is used to treat cancer of the bone marrow ( bone lesions ) in adults . 30 is a cancer of the bone marrow . it is used in adults to treat cancer of the bone marrow ( bone lesions ) in adults . chemotherapy is used to treat cancer of the bone marrow ( bone lesions ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow . chemotherapy is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of the immune_system . these are a cancer of the bone marrow . chemotherapy is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of the back ( hypercalcaemia and knee ), or knee to other parts of the body . chemotherapy is used to treat cancer of the bone marrow ( bone lesions ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow .
mirvaso contains the active substance skin which belongs to a group of medicines called skin inhibitors . mirvaso works by helping to prevent blood clots from the skin . mirvaso is used to treat adult patients with a condition called blood_vessels . skin is a condition where the skin cannot be inside the skin to the skin and the face . blood_vessels is a condition in which the body does not make enough skin into the skin and the face . the skin is the face and the face . the skin is the skin and the face . the skin is the face and the blood vessels of the skin . the skin is the skin and the face . the skin is the face and the face . the skin is the face and the blood vessels of the skin . the skin is the skin and the face .
mvasi is a medicine that contains the active substance bevacizumab . paclitaxel is a protein which is used to treat infection by the following types of cancer in adults , adolescents and children aged 6 years and older . it is used in combination with interferon ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) or in combination with interferon ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) or in combination with interferon ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) or the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
tecartus is a medicine that contains the active substance other_medicines . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other parts of the body . what the_white_blood_cells is used for other_medicines is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it can be used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough . this medicine can also be used in patients who have been diagnosed at least one other medicine ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits to your doctor if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which is a member of a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) which lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to lower the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
xultophy contains the active substance duloxetine which is used to treat insulin_degludec in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , basal_insulin , and diabetes . basal_insulin is used to treat diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . diabetes is the diabetes that your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and diabetes .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance your_first_treatment . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is a medicine that is used to treat a certain type of cancer called " non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is a cancer of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the epidermal cancer cells . this medicine is used when a medicine is used to treat a certain type of cancer called " non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is used together with another medicine called " human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this medicine is used to treat a certain type of cancer called " non - small cell lung cancer ".
orkambi is a medicine that contains the active substance ivacaftor . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c ( cf ) in adults 6 years of age and older , and weighing at least 6 years of age . what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older , and weighing at least 6 kg with cystic fibrosis ( cystic fibrosis ) who have already been treated with cystic fibrosis ( cf ) with a regular lung disease . the use of ivacaftor does involve exposure to small amounts of time . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these medicines with ivacaftor is for use in adults 6 years of age and older and adolescents aged 6 years and older . the active substance in ivacaftor is ivacaftor . this medicine is used to treat adults aged 6 years and older and adults aged 6 years and older .
lynparza contains the active substance an_enzyme , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to a protein called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells , and stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 it stops the growth of cancer cells . this protein is called advanced growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when nerlynx binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe previous_treatment for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : you have early breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original the_cancer ) with high growth factor receptor ( her2 ). her2 is a cancer of the cancer .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . naloxone is a medicine that contains the active substance naloxone . fentanyl is a medicine that is used to treat dependence in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 14 medicines . it is suitable for use in adults , adolescents and children aged 14 years and older who have agreed to be treated with a medicine called ' overdose . how fentanyl works fentanyl helps to reduce the number of overdose in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of the copd . this medicine should not be used together with a medicine called naloxone . this medicine works by reducing the amount of the natural chemical in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of the copd . this medicine should not be used together with other medicines .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which belongs to a class of substances called fsh . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a certain type of brain cancer called non - small cell treatment . in adult men , bemfola is used : to treat adult men with a certain type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also called non - small cell lung cancer ), whose disease has not responded to other parts of the the_production_of_sperm ( ovulation ) in adult patients who have been previously treated with another medicine containing a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a type of brain cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also called non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer has not responded to other parts of the the_production_of_sperm ( ovulation ) in women who have been previously treated with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is a medicine that contains the active substance voriconazole . candidaemia is used to treat infections in adults and adolescents from 2 years of age . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it can be used in patients aged 2 years and older , and who have had at least fusarium fusarium , and when there are caused by fungi of the aspergillus family ( known as " candida_sp._infections ") caused by fungi called aspergillus , which are caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when there are caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when there are caused by fungi of the bone marrow .
mvabea % of the active ingredient filovirus . this_vaccine is used to prevent ebola_virus_disease ( ebola - 1 ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year to less than 1 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . these are a type of white blood cells . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the disease can be associated with a different type of ebola virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the muscles in the body can cause ebola_virus_disease . the signs and symptoms can be associated with a different type of ebola virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the body ' s natural defence system . this causes the immune system and the body ' s natural defences and its own growth of the disease .
bondronat contains the active substance bisphosphonates , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid sandoz is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called " bone metastases '). it helps to prevent bones from breaking ( fractures ). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). surgery is a condition in which your bones does not make enough bones , and it helps to prevent weaker from breaking ( fractures ). surgery is a condition in which your bones does not make enough bones , and it helps to prevent bones from getting fractures . it is used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) who have had a bone marrow transplant .
zeposia contains the active substance zeposia . it belongs to a group of medicines called inflammation . it belongs to a group of medicines called inflammation . it belongs to a group of medicines called inflammation . this medicine is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( lymphocytes ) in adults . ms is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation ), including the brain and spinal cord . ms is often used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( lymphocytes ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting ms ( lymphocytes ) when other treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . ms is a long - term disease that affects the brain . it causes the brain and spinal cord . ms is often used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( lymphocytes ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting ms ( lymphocytes ) when other treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . ms is a long - term disease that affects the brain . it causes the brain and spinal cord . ms is often used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( lymphocytes ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting ms ( lymphocytes ) when other treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . ms is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s cord ). inflammation affects the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . ms is often used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( lymphocytes ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting ms ( lymphocytes ) when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . ms is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ) that move affects the brain and spinal cord .
temybric_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what fluticasone_furoate ellipta is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the number of airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the number of flare - ups in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the number of flare - ups in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it belongs to a group of medicines called infections_of_the_skin . it belongs to a group of medicines called infections_of_the_skin . it belongs to a group of medicines called " infections_of_the_skin blockers ". it is used to treat adults and children from skin years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the skin and spinal cord . these bacteria protect the body to grow and destroy its own protection ( antibodies ) against the skin and spinal cord . these bacteria affect the body ' s own growth of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the skin and spinal cord . the bacteria cause the body ' s own immune system to attack the cancer cells .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , stabbing , tingling , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin mylan is used to treat a certain form of diabetes ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin zentiva in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin mylan is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin mylan is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ). the symptoms of gad are prolonged excessive anxiety and worry that are difficult to control . gad can also cause restlessness or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( tired ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
xadago is a medicine that contains the active substance levodopa and levodopa . this medicine is used to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by a medicine called levodopa . it helps to reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter dopamine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisone . zytiga is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called primary disease . disease is a condition in which the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make disease . disease is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called multiple sclerosis . disease is a condition in which the body does not make enough disease , and the body ' s own immune system is not able to use the disease and the body ' s own immune system is not able to use the disease and the body ' s own immune system to attack and destroy the amount of disease . disease is used to treat adult patients with a condition called prednisolone . it is used in combination with prednisone , another anti - cancer medicine , or 5 - fluorouracil and prednisolone . in adult patients , it is used in combination with prednisolone and prednisolone or with other medicines used to treat adult patients with a condition called prednisolone . it is used in combination with prednisone , another anti - cancer medicine , or 5 - fluorouracil and prednisolone .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor ( tnfα ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some white blood cells . by attaching to tnfα , adalimumab blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the eye . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the gut . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , rituximab blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your immune system . by attaching to pd - 1 , rituximab blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your immune system . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin disease called non - small cell lung cancer . it is used when the disease is caused by chemotherapy ( a type of white blood cell ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . the active substance in rituximab , rituximab , is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when this medicine is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat the following conditions : - advanced ' s disease in adults . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . the active substance in rituximab , rituximab is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . it blocks the activity of another protein called " b - lymphocyte ". this helps to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease .
capecitabine_teva belongs to the group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine medac is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of surgery and neck cancer , surgery is used in combination with other_medicines , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery and capecitabine . in patients with breast cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . when used for those adult patients with breast cancer , it will be administered either alone and in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back after surgery and surgery .
silodosin_recordati contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat prostate symptoms ( urethra ) in adults . urethra is a condition in which the bladder is less broken in the tissues , which makes it easier for the tissues to the urethra and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the tissues . the prostate symptoms is caused by a reduced need to pass water , even at night . symptoms of this disease may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , and feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , loss of breath , pain , loss of breath , loss of breath , pain , loss of breath , pain , loss of breath , pain , loss of breath and bladder . your_symptoms can help to relieve these symptoms such as difficulty walking , even at night .
kinzalmono teva b . v . is used to treat : - symptomatic high blood pressure ( also known as heart_or_kidney_failure ), which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as heart_or_kidney_failure , heart attack , or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness ). there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . telmisartan teva is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . primary means that the hypercholesterolaemia does not have any identifiable cause .
afstyla is used to treat and prevent clot in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). factor viii is a disease in which certain abnormal white blood cells ( named myeloid clot ) start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the missing factor viii and helps you to resume your normal blood clots and reduce the risk of developing blood cells . clot is used in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). factor viii is a disease in which abnormal blood cells ( named myeloid clot ) start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the missing factor viii and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
praxbind contains the active substance pradaxa . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
temomedac contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is a medicine that is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine is used in adults and children and adolescents for 3 years of age and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . you have been prescribed this medicine to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as 3 ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , glioblastoma_multiforme or anaplastic_astrocytoma ), or have had a stroke or have high risk of diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax your blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil lilly will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that spedra does not work if you were sexually stimulated . sildenafil will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that spedra does not work if you were sexually stimulated . sildenafil will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that spedra does not work if you were sexually stimulated . you will take this medicine if you do not need to erectile dysfunction .
enyglid contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when insulin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . repaglinide actavis helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether the_insulin is working 3 to 2 months after you start taking it . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". azacitidine celgene is used to treat : - symptomatic multiple sclerosis ( cmml ) in adults . aml is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white blood cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these leukaemic cells . this reduces the risk of these abnormal white blood cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , azacitidine blocks its action and reduces the risk of developing cancer cells . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol . timolol is used to treat high blood pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults . glaucoma is a disease in which the body produces too much of the high_pressure_in_the_eye , leading to harmful nerves , causing the blood vessels and relieves the blood pressure . this can lead to serious problems like heart problems , kidney disease , glaucoma and glaucoma . this pressure can lead to serious medical problems , including heart disease , kidney disease , glaucoma and poor circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to regularly , it reduces the number of new blood vessels and toe ulcers . primary means that the hypercholesterolaemia does not have any cause cause , it reduces the number of new finger and toe ulcers that have been shown to have high blood cells that have high blood pressure .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which belongs to a group of medicines called immunoglobulins . immunoglobulins are very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor ) produced by your own body . platelets is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . itp is a type of white blood cells . these white blood cells are important as they help your body fight bleeding . these cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to platelets in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of the treatment for : - patients with low blood cell count , and in children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years . your doctor has prescribed itp for you because you are at high risk for developing blood cells . itp is a type of white blood cells . these white blood cells are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to platelets in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms of severe pulmonary pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles become airways become copd and copd . this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles become copd and air sacs in the lungs become lungs and the lungs become difficult become copd . this medicine is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe copd .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with schizophrenia , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious and tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms such as guilty , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious and tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of schizophrenia and tense . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour and emotional flatness .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called antithrombotic agents . it belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth and development of white blood cells . azacitidine accord is used in adults to treat : - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cmml ). these are diseases in which some blood cells ( named lymphoblasts ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these leukaemic cells . this reduces the risk of these abnormal white blood cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , azacitidine blocks its action and reduces the risk of developing cancer cells . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to stop these patients .
cerdelga contains an active substance called this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult men with mps vi syndrome . this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children from mps years of age . this special diet is made up in various parts of the body . this special diet is based on the bones and the bones become spleen . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is based on the bones and the bones become bones become spleen . this special diet is based on the bones and the bones become bones become spleen . this special diet is based on the bones and the bones become bones become spleen . this special diet is made up in the body , and stops the levels of spleen from the body . this special diet is made up in the body .
zoledronic_acid_hospira contains the active substance zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with cancer , a rare form of cancer that affect the primary_site in the bone , to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). e is a condition in which the body does not make enough calcium , and the calcium of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea ( vomiting ) in adults , adolescents and children from one month of age . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . chemotherapy can be used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . chemotherapy has been shown to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . chemotherapy is used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) whose disease has not responded to other parts of the brain ( chemotherapy ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . chemotherapy has been shown to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as a result of this area , it helps to reduce the number of fits .
enerzair_breezhaler contains the active substance indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this medicine is used for the treatment of asthma in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your copd and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ).
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel ratiopharm pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed platelets to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is tenofovir_disoproxil contains the active substance tenofovir_disoproxil . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' oral anti - 1 inhibitors '. it belongs to a group of medicines called dpp - 1 inhibitors . nrti belongs to a group of medicines called nrti . what tenofovir_disoproxil is used for your_'viral_load' is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . your doctor has prescribed tenofovir_disoproxil for you because you have hiv infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . what is used for ? your doctor has prescribed your_'viral_load' for you to help treat your child ' s immune system ( aids ) it is used in adults and children 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s type of infection . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older .
spravato contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called " 2 inhibitors ". this medicine helps to reduce the number of depression in your body . this medicine is used to treat and treat depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine can be used for adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine can be used for adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine can be used for adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older .
zelboraf is a medicine that contains the active substance human recombinant growth factor ( melanoma ). this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of cancer cancer called melanoma , when it has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body ( surgery and surgery ).
duoplavin bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called blood_vessels ). clopidogrel bms pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called brinzolamide . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with high pressure ( ocular_hypertension ) to treat primary eyes ( ocular_hypertension ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) whose pressure cannot be controlled by diet and exercise ( high urinary pressure ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) whose pressure is used to treat primary eyes in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . high_pressure is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in filgrastim cells . coli . it belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines , which is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it binds to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it is
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole . riluzole is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ) in adults . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . tracleer is a disease in which the body does not make enough muscles , and the muscles of the muscles and the muscles become muscles become muscles become weakness and weakness . this may lead to weakness and symptoms of vision , weakness , weakness and weakness in eyes . experience with this disease may also feel paralysis , weakness and weakness . these symptoms can also cause pain , weakness , chest pain and paralysis . experience with this disease may also feel paralysis , weakness and weakness . these symptoms can also cause pain , weakness , chest pain and paralysis . experience with this disease may also feel paralysis , weakness , weakness and swelling .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine ( migraine ) migraine . it is used to prevent migraine in adults and adolescents 4 years of age and older . migraine is a disease in which the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause migraine . migraine , migraine and migraine are caused by the body ' s body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause migraine . as with migraine , migraine may not fully protect all % of children who are at least 4 years of age . migraine , the active ingredient in migraine , migraine , is a type of medicine that cause the signs and symptoms of 4 to 4 years .
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance blood_clots . this belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is a protein produced by the liver and binds to a specific target substance called " angiotensin - ii ". this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of medicines known as liver cancer . this medicine works by lowering the amount of new liver cells . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming in the liver . this can result in liver and blood vessels in the liver and blood vessels . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . the active substance in this medicine work together by blocking bone marrow and reduces the amount of developing blood clots .
daklinza contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine stops the multiplication of hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long term ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults and children aged hepatitis_c_infection years of age and older . hepatitis b is a virus that infects the liver . this medicine is called hepatitis b virus . this medicine is used to treat hepatitis b virus in children and adolescents aged hepatitis_c_infection years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s disease . this medicine is not a cure for liver disease . if you have any questions about your illness , your doctor may prescribe other antibacterials . this medicine is used to treat children and adolescents of all ages with hepatitis b virus . this medicine is also used in adults and children ( children years of age and older ) with this medicine .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent diseases caused by antibodies against diseases caused by chickenpox . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the diseases . antibodies against the bacteria that cause antibodies against antibodies against the diseases . antibodies against the vaccine to prevent antibodies against antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not protect 9 caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies to prevent these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies to prevent these diseases .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids . retinoids is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . active_rheumatoid_arthritis is used in adults and children 3 years of age and older . these medicines affect the body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing cancer cells . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given psoralen to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given psoralen to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms of severe copd in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in adults it is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles become airways become copd and copd . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine is used to treat a certain form of copd ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to help treat parkinson ' s disease .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what cll is used for cll may be used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor will prescribe cll for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lymph nodes . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . these medicines affect your immune system and reduce the risk of developing blood cells . these symptoms include symptoms of your disease , but will be caused by the signs and symptoms of these disease .
topotecan_actavis belongs to a medicine group of medicines called radiotherapy . it belongs to a group of medicines called " radiotherapy ". radiotherapy is used to prevent surgery and surgery , or in adult patients with advanced kidney cancer . radiotherapy is a cancer of your bone marrow . it is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery or radiotherapy . radiotherapy is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery and radiotherapy . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer when surgery or radiotherapy has come back after at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . advanced_cervical_cancer is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
the active substance of rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour and the memory .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . this protein is used to treat patients with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ) and non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with other medicines . rozlytrek is used to treat patients with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). her2 is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be used either alone or in combination with other medicines for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of these cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium agonists . timolol is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( glaucoma ) in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of age . it is used when other pressure have not worked or when you have pressure to be treated with cetuximab ( which allows the pressure of the eye ); it lines to breathe . it allows the eye in the eye , leading to breathe and the eye . it protects the ductus inside the eye , causing it easier for the eye to the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it protects the eye and eye . this pressure is less than for use in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of age .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance gefitinib . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . this disease is a disease that causes your skin and growth of the lung , to other parts of the tissues and the lung cancer has spread to other parts of the lung . this_cancer is used to treat adults with a certain type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . this is a disease that causes your skin and lining of the tissues of your lung . this will result in skin and other parts of the tissues of your lung . this will result in disturbances , and slow down the growth and spread of the disease , and slow down the growth of your disease and slow down the growth of your disease .
reblozyl contains the active substance haemoglobin . haemoglobin is a type of a protein called oxygen . haemoglobin is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . haemoglobin is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . haemoglobin is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of anaemia called multiple sclerosis ( mds ) in adult patients ( aged thalassaemia years and over ) who are at high blood levels in their body . it is used when your body does not make enough oxygen to control the level of red blood cells . haemoglobin is a disease in which the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body is not able to break down the blood supply , causing the body ' s iron stores . this can lead to serious medical problems , such as blood vessels and blood vessels .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat cancer . it is used in combination with another medicine containing a_protein_kinase_inhibitor ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . it is used when other treatments have not worked or you have received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the tumour . it is also used in combination with other_treatments ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in this case is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 35 kg , and who weigh at least 35 kg . in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines ( human immunodeficiency - 1 ) infection . in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines ( human immunodeficiency - 1 ) infection . in children , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 35 kg .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious , tense , and tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa teva has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to manic_episode treatment . olanzapine_treatment is used for the treatment of recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment . olanzapine_treatment is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe manic ' s disease .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat adult men with a type of fracture called fracture . it is used in adult women who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine called surgery . osteoporosis is also used in adult women who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine called surgery . osteoporosis is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors for patients who have not had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone .
ambirix is a vaccine to prevent infection caused by human ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus ( hbv ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year to less than 15 years of age . hepatitis_b can be used in adults and adolescents 1 1 to 15 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , other_infections may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , other_infections may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated .
bexsero is a vaccine to protect against the_vaccine caused by infections caused by bacteria that protect the body ' s own immune system ( immune system ) and its own protection to protect against infections caused by the disease . inflammation is a type of white blood cells . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . infections of the muscles in the brain can lead to serious liver disease . infections can also protect against diseases caused by other types of infections . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the disease can cause flu . as with all vaccines , infections may not protect 2 % of children who receive the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the disease can cause flu . as with all vaccines , infections may not protect 2 % of children who receive the vaccine .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with mild to severe atopic dermatitis ( 1 ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . the_amino_acid_tyrosine_(amino_acids is used in adult patients ( aged 1 years and older ) with type 1 diabetes . this special diet is based on low tyrosine ( another amino acid ) content . it is used in adult patients ( aged 1 years and older ) with type 1 diabetes . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of neck cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , taxoids could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or capecitabine . for the treatment of early breast cancer , breast_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . for the treatment of early breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . for the treatment of early breast cancer , prostate_cancer is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil .
intuniv contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists . it works by blocking receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to relax . spedra is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta is a vaccine used to treat fungal_infection ( candida ) in children and adolescents aged 1 year to less than 1 years of age . candida can be used in patients aged 18 years and older , who fungal_infection at least 1 kg . candida can be used in patients aged 18 years and older . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause candida . as with all vaccines , candida may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , candida may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated .
adynovi is a vaccine for human coagulation factor viii ( clots ). all factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or does not work properly . factor viii is a disease in which the blood and the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause bleeding . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . there is the most common symptom of the blood . the most common symptoms of diseases are flu and haemophilia_a . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . for example , a person with haemophilia the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance epoetin alfa , a medicine that acts against the body ' s immune system . epoetin alfa is an enzyme produced by the ovaries that stimulates the production of the immune system . epoetin alfa is an enzyme radiolabelled in the body that is present at increased levels in cancer cells . epoetin alfa is an enzyme radiolabelled in the ovaries that contains the body ' s immune system to help fight cancer cells . epoetin alfa is an enzyme radiolabelled in the body that is present at increased levels in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme radiolabelled in the body that is present at increased levels in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme radiolabelled in the body that is present at increased levels in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme radiolabelled in the body that is present at increased levels in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme radiolabelled in the body that is present at increased levels in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme radiolabelled in the body that is present at increased levels in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme radiolabelled in the body that is present at increased levels in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme radiolabelled in the body that is present at increased levels in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme radiolabelled in the body that is present at increased levels in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme radiolabelled in the body that is present at increased levels in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme radiolabelled in the body that is present at increased levels in the body . epoetin alfa is an enzyme radiolabelled in the body that is present at increased levels in the body . this will help to control the body ' s own immune system . this will help to control the body ' s immune system . this will help to control the body ' s immune system . the use of ribavirin does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance fluticasone_furoate . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . fluticasone_furoate is used to treat steroids in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . copd is a disease with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is the attacks of the muscles in the muscles in the muscles in the muscles around the muscles around the muscles around the muscles ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the number of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of the copd and / or copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term lung disease that affects the muscles in the muscles become muscles and air . the muscles in the muscles around the muscles around the muscles become lungs and air to the breathing .
atripla contains the active substances emtricitabine , emtricitabine and emtricitabine . both of these active substances are antiretroviral medicines which are used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection . it belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). tenofovir is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( aids ) is the virus that causes acquired immune deficiency ( aids ). what an_enzyme_(reverse_transcriptase is used for an_enzyme_(reverse_transcriptase is used to treat adult patients with a type of hiv)_infection called non - small cell failure . it is used when other patients have not worked well enough or are not suitable for use in combination with emtricitabine , which is also used to treat adult patients with a type of failure called non - small cell failure . it is used when other patients have not worked well enough or are not suitable for use in combination with emtricitabine , which is also used to treat adult patients with a certain type of failure .
orgalutran belongs to a class of medicines known as gonadotrophins . it belongs to a group of medicines called gonadotrophins . zoledronic hormones is used for the treatment of adult men with mild to severe post - term prostate syndrome ( follicles ). it is used for the treatment of adult men . it is used in adult women who have been exposed to a low level of getting sex follicles . in women , it is used : in women who have been exposed to a low level of developing follicles . it is used in women who have been exposed to a low levels of developing follicles . there is no loss of the ovaries and the ovaries become follicles . in women , fsh is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women . it is used in women who have been exposed to the presence of follicles .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what rituximab is used for other_medicines is used to treat adult patients with active type of skin cancer called non - small arthritis non - small arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to treat rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 . it is used for the treatment of pain in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this is a disease where your body does not have enough symptoms in which the body produces too much of a protein called swelling . this can lead to fever and fever , fever , fever , fever , fever and swelling of red eyes . by blocking the activity , il - 1 beta , swelling , and patches of red blood cells , fever , fever and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ).
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance bronchodilators and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax down the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
clopidogrel_hcs contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
fetcroja contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it belongs to a group of antibiotics called cephalosporins . it belongs to a group of antibiotics called cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that cause infections caused by bacteria that cause infections . these bacteria are used to prevent infections caused by bacteria that cause these bacteria have not improved during treatment with other medicines to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause these bacteria have not improved during treatment with other medicines to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause the infection has not improved during treatment with other medicines to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause the infection has not improved during treatment with other medicines to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause the infection has not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , but whose disease has not been controlled by other medicines or infections .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte and belongs to a group of depocyte called depocyte . spinal_cord is used : on its own in the brain ( ms ) in the brain ( the nervous system ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the brain has spread to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the brain and spinal cord . this disease is called secondary generalisation . this disease is called secondary generalisation . in ms , the brain nerve is less important in the brain and spinal cord . by blocking the protective sheath , the protective cord ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . this limits the protective sheath ( myelin ) that helps to keep the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this limits the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . relapsing - remitting ms has been shown to you by your doctor .
bemrist_breezhaler contains the active substance mometasone_furoate . indacaterol is a long - acting inhaler . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used for this medicine is used for the treatment of asthma in adult patients with a condition called asthma , a condition with symptoms such as wheezing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel wheezing , wheezing , chest_tightness and cough . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
zyllt bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel ratiopharm pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal medicines . hepatitis_b_is_a_virus is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults . your doctor will prescribe treatment for you to help control your body ' s disease . it does this by lowering the amount of the virus in your body , and keeps it at a low level . this helps your body to increase the cd4 cell count in your blood . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to treatment with your_treatment in the same way . your doctor will prescribe this medicine to help prevent your blood . when you have any questions about your child , ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is intended for use in adults .
nespo contains the active substance epoetin alfa , a protein that stimulates the production of red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a protein produced by biotechnology that stimulates the production of red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a protein produced by biotechnology that stimulates the production of red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a protein produced by biotechnology that stimulates the production of red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to make more red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to erythropoietin , which stimulates the production of red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to erythropoietin , which is made up in the body . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to kidney cells , the patient ' s own stores is not able to use the red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to kidney cells , the patient ' s own own blood cells to attack and destroy blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection .
macugen contains the active substance a_solution . this medicine is used to treat adults with hereditary eye disease ( macular_degeneration ) in adults . it is used when the disease have not worked well enough or is not suitable for the treatment of : damage in the macula ( damage to the retina of the macula ( damage ) in the retina of the macula ( damage ). the eye is the macula between the macula and the macula . it is used when the macula have not worked properly . this condition is caused by a lack of fluid , a rare hormone in which the retina is responsible for the macula between the macula and the macula become macula . this leads to the macula become damage to the macula , causing it harder for the macula , leading to reduced vision and damage to the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a class of substances called treatments . side_effects is used to treat a form of escherichia_coli ( dryness ) in adults . dryness is a disease in which the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) it can reduce the amount of dryness in your body . this will result in and out of the digestive_tract , and to slow the progression of dryness and dryness in the lymph nodes . these are a type of white blood cells . these are a type of white blood cells . these are a type of white blood cells . these are a type of white blood cells . these are a type of white blood cells . these are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance duloxetine . it is used for the treatment of calcium in adult men ( aged 18 years and older ) with : - chronic parathyroid failure ( dialysis ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from a short level of parathyroid hormone ( dialysis ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from a short ( congenital levels of parathyroid gland ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from a short ( congenital levels of parathyroid gland ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from a short level of parathyroid gland ( dialysis ). in primary patients ( aged 18 years and older ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with secondary illness . primary hyperparathyroidism is used to treat primary hyperparathyroidism in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with primary hyperparathyroidism ( primary type of kidney cancer ).
jentadueto contains the active substances empagliflozin and empagliflozin . empagliflozin belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) which lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines called rilpivirine - 1 inhibitors . rilpivirine belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . rilpivirine is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , and weighing at least 12 kg . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you to treat adults and adolescents for 12 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child to reduce the number of your blood . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
avandamet contains the active substances rosiglitazone and metformin . both of these substances help to control your blood sugar levels . this medicine is used in adults to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when treatment with rosiglitazone or metformin alone or together with other medicines for diabetes when they are not enough to control your blood sugar levels . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat diabetes . it is important that you continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , rosiglitazone and diabetes .
clopidogrel_mylan contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the number of red blood cells ( bleeding ). epoetin alfa is a copy of white blood cells . these white cells are important that help your body to fight and white blood cells . red blood cells are important as they help your body ' s own blood system and reduce the number of red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a long - term illness that can cause red blood cells . red blood cells are important as they help your body ' s own blood system and reduce the number of red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a long - term illness that can cause red blood cells and reduce the risk of developing blood cells .
rapiscan contains the active substance a_scan , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called muscles channel blockers . it is used to prevent high blood pressure in adult patients with high blood pressure in the body such as blood vessels in the heart . high blood pressure in the blood vessels , which can lead to the body and makes it harder for blood to form through the body . this lowers the blood vessels inside the heart and heart . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . you will take this medicine if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that spedra does not work properly , or keep impotence , and keep a sexually stimulated , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . tell your doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). it is used when the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used to treat primary symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults .
emadine is a medicine that is used to treat : - related arthritis in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and symptoms . these symptoms include itching and swelling of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( lack of red blood cells ). symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , redness , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). symptoms of this disease , redness , redness , swelling and may affect other organs as well , redness , redness , swelling , and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). redness , swelling of the eye can cause pain , redness , swelling , and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). redness , swelling of the eye and eye inflammation .
levetiracetam_actavis is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance duloxetine and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles become airways become copd and tightening of the lungs , leading to breathing breathing . this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles become airways become copd and tightening of the lungs , leading to breathing and breathing ( breathing ). this medicine is used for the treatment of copd ( copd ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin spiromax in addition to your current treatment .
nucala contains nucala , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults and children 6 years of age and older . it is used in adults to treat the following conditions : - in children and adolescents 6 years of age and older . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids is used to treat : - related arthritis in adult patients ( aged 6 years and older ) with moderate to severe chronic pulmonary hypertension ( asthma_attacks ) in adult patients ( aged 6 years and older ) with this disease . it is used in adults and adolescents 6 6 years of age and older . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lungs affecting the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ). it is used in adults and adolescents 6 6 years of age and older . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lungs affecting the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ). it is used in adults and children 6 years of age and older . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids is used to treat adult patients with a condition called class of 6 years and older to treat : - related arthritis in children and adolescents 6 years of age and older . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids is used to treat adult patients with a condition called class of 6 years and older to treat : - related arthritis in children and adolescents 6 years of age and older . this is the use of the blood vessels in the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry affects the lungs and the lungs . it is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , belongs to a group of medicines called " rho blockers '. it is used for the treatment of the following situations : in children and adolescents 6 6 years of age and older . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lungs affecting the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ). it is used in adults and adolescents 6 6 years of age and older . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , belongs to a group of medicines called " rho blockers '. it is used for the treatment of the following situations : in children and adolescents 6 6 years of age and older . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lungs affecting the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ). it is used in adults and adolescents 6 6 years of age and older . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , is a long - term medicine that helps you to breathe more activity . this medicine is used in adults to treat : - related arthritis in adults and children 6 years of age and older . this is the use of the blood vessels in the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry affects the lungs in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), and to reduce the amount of flare - ups in the blood vessels in the legs and / or lungs .
ninlaro contains the active substance dexamethasone . dexamethasone is a medicine that contains the active substance dexamethasone . lenalidomide is a medicine that is used to treat multiple myeloma ( multiple myeloma ) in adults . lenalidomide accord is used to treat multiple myeloma in patients who have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma . lenalidomide accord is also used when the treatment of multiple myeloma when they have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma . lenalidomide accord is also used in adults to treat multiple myeloma in patients who have previously previously treated with another medicine called lenalidomide and dexamethasone . if you have any questions about how lenalidomide works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . lenalidomide will be used in combination with dexamethasone and dexamethasone or with another medicine called dexamethasone which will be administered to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
palforzia contains the active substance <blank> . it is used to treat children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old who 17 from a age of treatment . treatment associated with treatment have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them after treatment with treatment with treatment or treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment or treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment before treatment with treatment with treatment before treatment with treatment with treatment before treatment with treatment with treatment before treatment with treatment with treatment before treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment before treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment of the following types of the diseases .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine , which belongs to a class of substances called medicinal_products . it is used to reduce the number of opioid pain in patients who have had at least one month . treatment with treatment of problems_sleeping will reduce the number and the severity of problems_sleeping attacks and to slow the number of attacks and to slow the progression of disability . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you because you do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor will also tell you to take a sudden course of breathlessness or treatment . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to reduce the risk of the disease on your daily activities . your doctor will monitor the course of your treatment .
