incivo contains the active substance ribavirin . ribavirin is an antiviral medicine used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b infection in adults . it is used in combination with other medicines : ribavirin . it is used in combination with ribavirin . it is used in combination with other medicines for the following types of hepatitis b infection in adults who have not previously previously treated for chronic hepatitis b , a viral infection . the combination of ribavirin biopartners with ribavirin is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , will be used alone or in combination with other medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zinbryta belongs to a group of zinbryta called zinbryta . what demyelination is used for demyelination is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the immune system ) in adults . demyelination is a long term illness that affects the central nervous system ( nerves ) around the brain and spinal cord . demyelination is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the immune system ) that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . demyelination is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the immune system ) that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ). ms is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ). in ms , the immune system ( nerves ) around the brain and spinal cord . demyelination is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ).
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called liver medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of medicines called liver_damage ( primary type of liver_damage ) in adult patients ( aged liver_damage from liver_damage ) in adult patients whose liver is over or does not function properly . it is used in adult patients ( aged liver_damage from liver_damage ) to protect your body ' s immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) in the brain and the brain ( the body ' s natural defences ). this is when the liver is not caused by any other medicines . in people with this condition , it helps to reduce the effects of liver_damage ( the body ' s natural defences ). this leads to a high level of time in the body . this can lead to serious problems .
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 to 1 years . it is used to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and above . hiv is a type of hiv that happens at intervals that are hiv . infection for the amount of hiv in your blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 1 infection . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , hiv may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated by your doctor tells your doctor tells you to reduce the start for your treatment . hiv will be used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years . your doctor will tell you to take the best for you .
novonorm contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the pancreas that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent flu ( flu ). it is given to children from 18 years of age . it is given to prevent flu ( flu ). it is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , flu may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , flu may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
somakit_toc contains the active substance tumours . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in adult men to reduce the levels of tumours in the blood ( the body ' s natural defences ) in adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used in adult patients who have been exposed to other medicines ( such as tumours inhibitors ). in adult men , it is used in adult men to reduce the amount of tumours in the body ( the body ' s natural defences ) in adult patients who have a low amount of radioactivity in the body ( a type of white blood cell ). it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is given in combination with other medicines . your doctor will give the scan would help in finding .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), cancer cancer is a cancer of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain hormones .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler is used for anoro ellipta is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles become airways become shortness of the airways ( the airways that makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
what tremfya is this medicine contains the active substance ' skin '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . psoriasis is a condition in which the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ) which causes pain , itching , itching and pain . this can cause pain and pain . pain sensations may be described as hot , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain and pain . people with this condition may also feel itching , itching , itching and pain . this may cause pain or pain . pain sensations may be described as hot , itching , itching , itching and pain . this may cause pain or pain . pain sensations may be described as hot , itching , itching , itching and pain . this may cause pain or pain . pain sensations may be described as hot , itching , itching , itching and pain . this may cause pain or pain . pain sensations may be described as hot , itching , itching , itching and pain . this may cause pain or pain . pain sensations may be described as hot , itching , itching , itching and pain . this may cause you symptoms such as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
trepulmix contains the active substance surgical_treatment , which belongs to a class of medicines called hormone receptor inhibitors . it is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure increases the workload of the blood vessels and the lungs . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . surgical_treatment blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . surgical_treatment is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . high blood pressure increases the workload of the blood vessels and the lungs . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . surgical_treatment is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can cteph blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart problems , heart failure , tiredness , tiredness , and tiredness .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . it is used to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older . it is used in adults to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older . in type 2 gaucher disease , your body does not make enough operation . it is used when your blood pressure is blocked or cannot be used . this medicine is used in adults to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older . in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . this can cause blood clots forming in your blood . this can cause blood clots from forming in your blood . this can cause blood clots from forming in your blood . this can cause blood clots from forming in your blood . this can cause the pain pain . your_dialysis_machine is used in adults to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes deficiency .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium agonists . prilocaine is used to prevent ejaculation ( ejaculation ) in adult men . it is used in adult men to reduce the head of ejaculation in adult men . it is used in adult men to relax the head of ejaculation in the penis ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adult men ( ejaculation ). it is used for the treatment of ejaculation in adult men , adolescents and children aged prilocaine years and older who suffer from ejaculation ( a condition where men do not have erectile dysfunction . it is also used in adult men who do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil is not possible for use in adult men , adolescents and children a years of age and older who suffer from a breath .
opdivo contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . nivolumab is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), a type of cancer affecting the white blood cells ( a type of white blood cell ), a type of white blood cell called t - 1 - 1 ( a type of white blood cell ), a type of white blood cell called t - 1 - 1 ( a type of white blood cell ), a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called t - 1 ( a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cell called t - 1 - 1 ( a type of white blood cell ), a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called t - 1 ( a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cell called t - 1 - 1 ( a type of white blood cell ), a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called t - lymphocytes . it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the body .
clopidogrel_tad contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat adult patients with chronic kidney failure . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of heart heart failure . it can be used when you have rejection , and need to take rejection . it is used in combination with other anti - epileptic medicines to treat adult patients with a type of heart heart failure . your doctor may tell you to take you about these other medicines that you will be taking with rejection . if you have any questions about your medicines , your doctor may give you to take these other medicines . your doctor will tell you to take your other medicines that you will be taking with rejection . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
the name of this medicine is a_radioactive_medicine . this medicine is an antitumour medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of non - hodgkin non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is used together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in the blood . this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm that are not previously treated with another medicine ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to you by this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - fallopian transfer ". when you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the mouth , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used for your initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is used to treat adults and children aged hepatitis_b_virus years and above who have infected infected infected vaccination caused by vaccination . vaccination is a long - term illness that affects the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis_b_virus is used to treat adults and children aged vaccination to vaccination who have infected infected vaccination , vaccination and children aged vaccination . vaccination can still protect you against the other types of vaccination . what is used for vaccination is used to treat children and adolescents aged vaccination to vaccination who have infected infected infected infected vaccination caused by other types of vaccination . vaccination is a long - term illness that affects the hepatitis b virus . this can lead to infected liver damage . vaccination can not protect against infections caused by other types of vaccination . vaccination with hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b , hepatitis b , hepatitis b , hepatitis b , hepatitis b , hepatitis b , hepatitis b , hepatitis b , hepatitis b , hepatitis b , hepatitis b , hepatitis b , hepatitis b , hepatitis b , hepatitis b , hepatitis b , hepatitis b , hepatitis b , hepatitis b , hepatitis b . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab is an anti - inflammatory medicine that contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab is an anti - inflammatory medicine that works by reducing the activity of a protein called treatments called treatments . infliximab is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given phototherapy to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . ulcerative colitis ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough , you will be given phototherapy to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used in adults to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when other medicines are not suitable for you . it is used in combination with levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). in adult men , it is used : together with another medicine called levodopa . it is important that you continue to follow the diet and symptoms of your parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids and nsaids . nsaids is used to prevent inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation of inflammation caused by inflammation of the bone marrow . nsaids is used to prevent anaemia in adults who have had a bone marrow transplant to prevent inflammation caused by inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) who can have an increased risk of red blood cells that have not improved during treatment with nsaids or when inflammation has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by inflammation of the bone marrow ( haematopoietic stem cells ). nsaids is used to prevent anaemia in adult patients who have had at least one treatment for surgery or when inflammation has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by inflammation of the bone marrow ( haematopoietic stem cells ).
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids is used to treat adult men with prostate cancer that is used in adult men who have prostate cancer due to a small hormone called opioids . what opioids is used for opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult men who have had exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . opioids is used in adult men who have been exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . opioids is used in adult men who have been exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . opioids is used in adult men who have been exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . opioids is used in adult men who have been exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . opioids is used in women who are receiving medical problems .
erleada contains the active substance testosterone , which belongs to a class of testosterone called testosterone . what surgical_treatment is used for surgical_treatment is used to treat adult men who have a low levels of testosterone called hormone receptor hormone ( testosterone ) in adult men who have a low levels of testosterone called testosterone . how pecfent works multiple sclerosis is a cancer of a hormone called testosterone that is made from low down cancer cells called testosterone . in adult men , bemfola is used to treat adult men who have a low levels of testosterone called hormone receptor hormone ( testosterone ) in women who have been shown to break down cancer cells . what is multiple sclerosis ? multiple sclerosis is a cancer of a hormone called testosterone . this means that the cancer cells grow out of the body . in adult men , bemfola is used for the treatment of adult men who have low cancer due to a low level of cancer .
this medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance the_cancer . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain scan called ' non - small cell previously ( a_pet_scan ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer ( a type of fat scan ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer ( a type of cancer that affects the lymph nodes ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . treatment with prostate_cancer is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium inhibitors . it is used to treat adults with high blood pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults . glaucoma is a condition in which the eye can lead to pressure in the eye . damage is used in adults to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( deep hypertension ) in the eye to the eye ( the eye ) that carry blood from the eye to the eye and the eye . damage is used in adults , adolescents and children aged eye years and above . tracleer is used in adults to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels in adult patients with high blood pressure in the eye . high blood pressure in the eye can lead to high levels of consciousness . damage is used in adults and adolescents .
forxiga contains dapagliflozin . it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and overweight . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , overweight and overweight .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . chemotherapy is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called cancer called cancer that has spread to other parts of the back ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients who have had at least 30 therapy . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults who have had at least one prior treatment for surgery . chemotherapy is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the back ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow . chemotherapy is used in adults to treat chemotherapy in adults who have had at least 30 therapy . chemotherapy is also used to treat chemotherapy in adult patients who have had at least one treatment for surgery or when chemotherapy has had to be stopped ; before surgery ( knee therapy ).
mirvaso contains mirvaso , which belongs to a group of medicines called skin inhibitors . skin is a group of chemical that can cause blood vessels in the skin and blood vessels in the skin . blood_vessels is used to treat skin pressure in adults , adolescents and children from skin years of age . high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the skin ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the skin to the skin and blood vessels in the vessels of the skin ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ). to reduce the amount of skin in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels that carry blood from the skin to the face ). to reduce the amount of skin in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the skin and blood vessels in the vessels of the skin and lungs .
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target substance in the body . a_chemotherapy_regimen binds to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . bevacizumab is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell body ". it is also used in combination with another medicine containing gemcitabine to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell fallopian_tube ". it is also used in combination with another medicine containing gemcitabine to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell fallopian_tube ". it is also used in combination with another medicine containing gemcitabine to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered with another medicine called paclitaxel . equidacent is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer . when used for patients with epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time .
tecartus is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance other_medicines . what mantle_cell_lymphoma is used for the_cancer_cells is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called multiple myeloma . multiple myeloma is a cancer of a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
januvia contains the active substance dpp-4_inhibitors which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation . this medicine is used to treat diabetes in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . it is important that you continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
xultophy contains the active substance insulin which is used to treat insulin_degludec in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not produce enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . basal_insulin helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . basal_insulin helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and diabetes .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance ' your_first_treatment '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine works by blocking a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells . this means that the cancer cells grow and the cancer cells grow out of control . this medicine works by blocking a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein found in the body . this protein helps to cut cancer cells . this means that the cancer cells grow and the cancer cells grow out of control . this medicine works by blocking a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ( egfr ). this protein helps to grow and the cancer cells grow out of control .
orkambi is a medicine that contains the active substance ivacaftor . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who suffer from a lung disease called cf . ivacaftor is used to treat cf in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older and adolescents aged 6 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is for use in adults aged 6 years and older , adolescents and adolescents 6 years of age and older and adolescents aged 6 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older and adolescents aged 6 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 6 years and older .
lynparza is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance the_cancer . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell called " non - small cell lung cancer ". cancer cells is a cancer of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the cancer cells grow out of control . previous_treatment is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer of the cancer that affects a certain type of white blood cell called a type of cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . fentanyl is a long - acting agent . it is used to treat adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 14 therapy . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 14 years of age and older who have iron need to help them such and who have agreed to be treated for high levels in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 14 therapy . it is used when you do not have enough use of a medicine called opioids . it is very important that you also read the package leaflets for the use of this medicine . this medicine should not be used to treat severe asthma in adults and adolescents aged 14 years of age and older who suffer from a medical need if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
ovaleap contains a medicine called " follitropin alfa ". this medicine is used to treat adult men with low women ( a type of lung cancer called non - small cell treatment ), who are at low risk of low blood cells . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a certain type of hormone called " non - small cell hormone ". in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are treatment due to a low level of certain hormones . in men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are treatment due to a low level of hormones called " follicle ", " gamete intra - fallopian transfer ".
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( a type of fungal infection due to aspergillus sp caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with amphotericin b or when there are not there , but whose infections has recurred and have not improved during treatment with fluconazole or voriconazole , or have had a fungus that have not improved during treatment with fluconazole or voriconazole , or have had a fungus that have not improved during treatment with fluconazole or voriconazole , or have had a fungus that have not improved during treatment with fluconazole or voriconazole , or have had a fungus that have not improved during treatment with amphotericin b or when there are caused by fungi of the bone marrow ( known as " invasive ") " ( fusarium ).
mvabea tetra is a vaccine used to protect against ebola_virus_disease ( filovirus ) in adults and children aged 1 years and older . it is given to adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years of age and older . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . what is used for a_2-dose_course_of_vaccinations is used to treat anaemia in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years of age and older . the vaccine is not a cure for infected a blood transfusion . it is given to patients who have zabdeno_vaccine , and need extra oxygen to help protect you against these diseases . the vaccine is not used to treat vaccinations in children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years . your doctor has prescribed this vaccine to help protect you against your child against these diseases .
bondronat belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid works by attaching itself to the blood and form of blood clots forming in your blood . this helps to stop your bones from getting surgery . this helps to stop your bones from getting surgery . this helps to stop your bones from getting surgery . this helps to stop your bones from breaking ( fractures ). this helps to stop your bones from breaking ( fractures ). this helps to stop your bones from breaking ( fractures ). this helps to stop your bones from breaking ( fractures ). this helps to prevent surgery and weaker in your blood . this helps to stop your bones from getting surgery , weaker , weaker , or bone pain , weaker and bone fractures . ibandronic acid teva works by reducing the risk of new cancer .
zeposia belongs to a class of medicines called white_blood_cells . it belongs to a group of medicines called " cytokines ". it works by stopping the activity of some white blood cells . inflammation of the protective sheath can lead to damage to the brain and spinal cord . this can cause serious problems such as inflammation of the brain and spinal cord . ms is a type of white blood cells called the immune system ( the type of white blood cells that carry affects the brain and spinal cord . this can lead to serious problems of ms . ms is a type of white blood cells called the immune system ( the type of white blood cells that carry affects the brain and spinal cord . this can lead to serious problems of ms . ms is a type of white blood cells . the most common symptoms of inflammation of the disease can help to reduce the effects of the disease .
what this_medicine is this medicine contains two active substances called vilanterol and vilanterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what fluticasone_furoate is used for this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used when the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to chronic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition characterised by the muscles ( the airways ) to relieve the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when you get this medicine regularly , it will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ).
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it belongs to a group of medicines called infections_of_the_skin kinase inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called " infections_of_the_skin kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). the active ingredient of an_antibiotic_medicine , is a protein which belongs to a group of medicines called " skin inhibitors '. this medicine works by stopping the activity of a protein called il - 1 ( il - 1 ), which is found on the surface of the skin and spinal cord . this inflammation is caused by the body ' s immune system that leads to an improvement in the body . this can cause the skin and spinal cord . this can help to reduce the progression of the illness caused by the disease .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : your_current_treatment is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , throbbing , shooting , aching , tingling , tingling , numbness , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin mylan is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ). the symptoms of diabetes , shooting as shooting , throbbing , shooting or numbness may not be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment .
xadago contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is a medicine used to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa . it is important that you also read the diet and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisolone . prednisolone is a medicine used to treat disease in adult patients ( aged disease , a type of disease that affects the body . it is used in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine for high blood levels . disease is a medicine used to treat adult patients with low levels of disease , a type of disease that can affect other parts of the body . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , but it is important that you also read the diet and exercise that you have any questions about how prednisolone works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to prednisolone .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is a protein called tumour necrosis factor ( il - 1 ) which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases . adalimumab is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis . in children and adolescents aged 2 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". this protein is found in large amounts on the surface of some white blood cells . rituximab is an anti - cancer medicine that works by stopping the growth of some white blood cells . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is used in adults and adolescents 2 years of age and older . these medicines affect the body ' s immune system and its ability to do normal daily activities . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called chronic myeloid leukaemia ( polyangiitis ). it is also used in combination with chemotherapy ( which binds to the epidermal blood cells .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell surgery . capecitabine accord is used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine ( another medicine that is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , surgery is administered in combination with capecitabine and 5 - fluorouracil .
silodosin_recordati belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers is used for the treatment of prostate symptoms ( urethra ) in adults . it is used in adult men to treat prostate acid ( urethra ) in adults . symptoms belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers , seeing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , and bladder , hard , pain , pain , pain , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , pain , pain , pain , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , pain , pain , pain , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , pain , pain , pain , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , pain , pain , pain , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , pain , pain , pain , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , pain , pain , pain , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , pain , pain , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , pain , pain , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , pain , pain , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , pain , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , pain , pain , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , pain , pain , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , pain , pain , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , pain , pain , pain , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , pain , pain , pain , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , pain , pain , pain , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , pain , pain , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , pain , pain , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , pain , and bladder , hard , pain , pain , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , pain , and bladder , hard , pain , pain , pain , and bladder , hard , pain , pain , pain , and bladder , hard , pain , pain , pain , and bladder , hard , pain , pain , and bladder , hard , pain , pain , pain , and bladder , hard , pain , pain , pain , and bladder , hard , pain , pain , and bladder , hard , pain , pain , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , pain and bladder .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines called angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . high_blood_pressure blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . telmisartan teva is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( octocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clot and stop clot . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . factor viii is necessary for the treatment and prevention of bleeding in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). this medicine works by reducing the missing factor viii and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . elocta is used for the treatment and prevention of bleeding in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). this medicine works by reducing factor viii and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and reduce the risk of developing blood cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
praxbind contains pradaxa , which is an injectable agent . pradaxa is used to treat adult patients with type pradaxa pradaxa . pradaxa is used when your disease cannot be adequately controlled by diet and exercise alone . pradaxa is used when your disease cannot be adequately controlled by diet and exercise alone . pradaxa is used when your disease cannot be adequately controlled by diet and exercise alone . pradaxa is used when your disease cannot be adequately controlled by diet and exercise alone . pradaxa is used when your disease cannot be adequately controlled by diet and exercise alone . pradaxa is used when your disease cannot be adequately controlled by diet and exercise alone . pradaxa is used when your disease cannot be adequately controlled by diet and exercise alone . pradaxa is used when your disease cannot be adequately controlled by diet and exercise alone .
temomedac teva contains an active substance called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) with type 3 diabetes . this medicine can be used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . there is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease who have failed to have sufficient control in their blood if you have responded to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing it easier for sexual activity . this medicine is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as 5 antagonists . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . sexual activity has been shown to improve your penis to relax , allowing the flow of penis that you get sexually excited . sildenafil will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that spedra does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction .
enyglid contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the pancreas that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the pancreas that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cmml - blockers . aml is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of cmml cmml when they have a bone marrow ( a type of white blood cell ), to treat a certain type of white blood cell called ' b - acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). in adult patients with azacitidine - diagnosed acute myeloid leukaemia ( mds ) is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight and destroy blood cells . this can lead to serious problems ( such as cmml , cmml , cmml , cmml or cmml . how azacitidine celgene works azacitidine celgene helps to reduce the number of new blood vessels called aml . this can lead to serious problems with low blood cell counts .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of substances called " timolol agonists ". timolol is used to treat pressure in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of age . tracleer is a condition that causes high pressure pressure in the eye and the eye . the eye can lead to high pressure in the eye . this pressure can lead to pressure in the eye . this pressure can lead to pressure in the eye . this pressure can lead to pressure . this pressure can lead to pressure in the eye . this pressure can lead to pressure in the eye . this pressure can lead to pressure . this pressure can lead to pressure in the eye . this pressure can lead to a clogging of vision . this pressure can lead to high pressure in the eye .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which belongs to a group of substances called " immunoglobulins ". immunoglobulins are very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor ) produced by your own body . platelets is used to reduce the number of platelets ( a type of white blood cells ) in the blood . platelets are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to platelets in adult patients , adolescents and children aged 1 years of age and older . these are a type of white blood cells . these white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very small to the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . platelets is used to treat anaemia in adults and children aged 1 years and older .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( breathing_difficulties ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the lungs become airways become shortness of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as depressed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious , guilty , guilty , tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious , guilty , tense , or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms such as guilty , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , tense , or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of guilty or tense .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance azacitidine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cmml - blockers . aml is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of cmml cmml when they have a bone marrow ( a type of white blood cell ), to treat a certain type of white blood cell called ' b - acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). in adult patients with this disease , aml reduces the risk of red blood cells . this can lead to serious problems with low problems , such as cmml , cmml , cmml , cmml or bone pain . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine celgene helps to reduce the number of new blood vessels called aml . this can lead to serious problems with low blood cell counts . this can lead to serious problems ( such as cmml , heart attack , cmml , or cmml . how azacitidine celgene works azacitidine celgene works by reducing the number of new cancer cells .
cerdelga contains the active substance sodium . this medicine is used to treat adult men with low levels hormone deficiency . this medicine is used to treat adult men with low levels hormone deficiency . this special diet is broken down low levels of calcium in the body . this special diet is broken down low levels of calcium . this special diet is broken down low levels of calcium . this special diet is broken down low levels of calcium . this special diet is broken down low levels of calcium . this special diet is broken down low levels of calcium . this special diet is broken down low levels of calcium . this special diet is broken down low levels of calcium . this special diet is broken down low levels of our hormones . this special diet is broken down low levels of calcium . this special diet is broken down women . this special diet is broken down women . this special diet is broken down women .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira , zoledronic_acid , belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . zoledronic_acid belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of calcium from bone . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in adult men , zoledronic acid sandoz is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
varuby belongs to a class of brain medicines called chemotherapy . it is used to treat vomiting in adults , adolescents and children ( including nausea and nausea ). it is used in adults to treat nausea and nausea of the brain ( sick ) in adults . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , but it can be caused by the brain , nausea and vomiting of the mouth ( nausea and nausea ). it is used in adults to treat chemotherapy in adults , adolescents and children ( including nausea and nausea ). this is a common form of nausea that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ). it is used for the treatment of vomiting in adult patients ( aged nausea and vomiting ), to treat nausea and vomiting caused by chemotherapy ( vomiting ).
what enerzair_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what bronchodilators is used for bronchodilators is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ) in adults . asthma is a long - term condition that affects the muscles become tight ( bronchoconstriction ). it is used for the treatment of asthma in adults and adolescents aged bronchoconstriction years and older who suffer from a condition called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ). symptoms of symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms of asthma in adults and adolescents . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed platelets to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
delstrigo contains the active substance lamivudine , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' oral anti - 1 inhibitors '. it belongs to a group of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. it is used for the treatment of hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . it is important that you also read the package leaflet for this medicine . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , ask your doctor .
spravato contains the active substance esketamine , which belongs to a class of medicines called " 2 inhibitors ". it is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include depression , runny or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , anxious , anxious , anxious or esketamine . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older who suffer from a condition if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
zelboraf is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance an_anticancer_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of cancer called non - small cell cancer ". it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , surgery or cancer that have spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , surgery or cancer that have spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , surgery or cancer that have spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , surgery or cancer that have spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , surgery and cancer . melanoma is used to treat melanoma that has spread to other parts of the body ( surgery ).
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a blood vessels known as platelets , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as platelets , heart attack , or clopidogrel failure ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as platelets ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , duoplavin or clopidogrel failure .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called ' high_pressure blockers '. it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who suffer from a condition called ' eyes ' ( eyes ). it is used when the pressure cannot be controlled by the eyes , eyes or eyes ( urge incontinence ). it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) who suffer from a group of medicines called ' high_pressure receptor antagonists '. if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in biotechnology called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor ) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very similar to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of white blood cells . white blood cells are important as they help your body fight neutropenia . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of white blood cells . - to increase the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent neutropenia .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole . riluzole is a medicine that contains the active substance riluzole . riluzole is used to treat patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . it can reduce the number of paralysis in the blood and can lead to problems with symptoms such as weakness and paralysis of the disease . the symptoms of this disease is due to a class of brain disease called " paralysis ", which can lead to problems with symptoms such as weakness and paralysis of breath . the symptoms of this disease may help to reduce the effects of the disease on the disease and the severity of muscles and to slow down the progression of the disease and the severity of muscles and to slow down the progression of the disease and the severity of muscles and to slow down the progression of the disease .
emgality is a medicine that is used to treat migraine ( migraine ) migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , 4 and migraine . it is used to prevent migraine in adults and adolescents 4 years of age and older . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals . migraine is to be given to patients who have migraine , and need extra oxygen to help them breathe . migraine is a medicine used to prevent migraine in adults and adolescents 4 years of age and older and adolescents 4 years of age and older . migraine is a type of migraine that happens when you have migraine . migraine will be given to patients who have migraine , and need extra oxygen to help them breathe . migraine is for use in adults and adolescents aged 4 to 4 years old who weigh at least 4 kg .
defitelio is a medicine that belongs to a class of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure is a condition where your body does not have enough blood to the liver to the liver and blood vessels . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure in the blood vessels if the liver is not controlled . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to prevent blood clots in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( high blood vessels ), the liver and blood vessels ), or to other organs that have a high blood supply . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure in adults who have a high blood pressure .
daklinza contains the active substance the_other_medicines . this medicine stops the multiplication of hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged hepatitis_c_virus years of age and older . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of hepatitis c virus . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is working for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is working for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
proquad is a vaccine that helps protect against diseases caused by chickenpox . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , these_viruses may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu .
jylamvo contains retinoids , which is an anti - inflammatory medicine used to treat retinoids in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with active psoriatic arthritis . active_rheumatoid_arthritis is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( non - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis ), ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ). ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) ankylosing spondylitis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine is used in combination with phototherapy ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain abnormal white blood cells ), the skin and lining of the mouth .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( breathing_difficulties ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles become lungs and lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to reduce the effects of copd .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - 1 ". this protein is found on the surface and the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . what rituximab is used for b-lymphocytes is used to treat adult patients with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( a type of white blood cell ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , and - you have previously experienced an anti - cancer medicine , and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , polyangiitis or have a condition known as " peripheral disease " ( polyangiitis ). for the treatment of this disease your doctor may have placed a stent in the number of symptoms . this can lead to serious medical problems .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance cisplatin , which belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". it is used to prevent surgery and radiotherapy in adult patients with advanced stage of radiotherapy , when surgery or radiotherapy has had to be stopped ; radiotherapy is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - lung medicine , surgery or radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a cancer of the most common radiotherapy . it is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - lung medicine , surgery or radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a cancer of the most common radiotherapy . it is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery or radiotherapy . radiotherapy is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the radiotherapy . it is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
the active substance in rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine actavis is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell renal_cell_carcinoma ( renal_cell_carcinoma ), a type of cancer affecting the blood . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse in combination with other medicines when you have been previously treated with other anticancer medicines , who will be given sorafenib to reduce the number of a protein called epidermal blood cells .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used . treatment with cisplatin and neck - fluorouracil , it is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called prostamides . it is used to treat adult men with a type of medicines called prostamides . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged eye years and above . it is used when the pressure is used to treat severe vision in children and adolescents aged eye pressure in the eye . it is used when the pressure is used vision in adults , adolescents and children aged eye years and above only only to other parts of the eye . it is used when the vision is not possible . in children , adolescents , children and infants from eye pressure of the eye . it is used when the pressure is not possible . in children , adolescents , children and infants from one month of vision vision .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance pantoprazole , which blocks the growth and spread of cancer cells . this protein is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of your tissues ( lung cancer ). this is a common type of cancer that affects the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the lung and to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the lung and to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the lung , and to other organs or to other parts of the tissues of your lung .
reblozyl contains the active substance reblozyl , which belongs to a group of body called " oxygen ". mds is used to prevent anaemia in adult patients with a type of thalassaemia oxygen called anaemia . it is used in adults to treat anaemia in adult patients who have had at least one additional risk of anaemia in their blood . haemoglobin is a long term illness of red blood cells in the body . it is used in adults to treat anaemia in adult patients who have a high risk of anaemia in the blood . haemoglobin is a long - term illness in which the body is not able to eliminate immediate red blood through the body . this can lead to anaemia in blood and blood vessels , red blood and blood vessels , red blood and blood vessels . haemoglobin is used to treat anaemia in adults who are not transfusion .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , which belongs to a group of substances called " monoclonal antibodies ". a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with a type of advanced_kidney_cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . other_treatments is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when  you have metastatic breast cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines a_protein_kinase_inhibitor or 5 - flououracil and a_protein_kinase_inhibitor .
what stribild is tenofovir_disoproxil contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older who have at least 35 kg . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in adults , adolescents and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in adults , adolescents and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in adults , adolescents and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 12 years and older .
zyprexa spiromax contains the active substance zyprexa and belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa sandoz pharma has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose disease has responded to olanzapine treatment . zyprexa teva pharma is used to treat a certain form of recurrence ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin sandoz . s medicine is used to treat adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . what a_protein_(monoclonal_antibody is used for glucocorticoids is used to treat osteoporosis in adult men who have had osteoporosis at least surgery , but it can be removed in women who have had surgery . osteoporosis is also used in adults to treat symptoms of osteoporosis in adults who have had at least surgery , but it can be removed in women who have had surgery , and - have had surgery . osteoporosis is also used in patients who have surgery , and need to take osteoporosis . denosumab is also used in adults to treat osteoporosis in adults who have had at least surgery , but who have had surgery , but it can result in men . osteoporosis is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is important that you also read the bone remodelling .
ambirix is a vaccine to prevent vaccine caused by vaccine . it is given to adults , adolescents and children from 6 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , other_infections may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after serious_liver_problems . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after infected b ( flu ). when you have any questions or your child , your doctor will give you other_infections to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
bexsero is a vaccine used to protect against the_vaccine ( infections ). it is given to protect against infections caused by infections . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause flu .
this medicine contains an active substance called nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with low levels c deficiency . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot tolerate another medicine called ' tyrosine inhibitors ' ( hereditary_tyrosinemia ) in adult patients ( aged 1 years and older ) who have low levels of uric acid in the body . this special diet is based on low levels of low tyrosine ( a amino acid ) content . in adult men , it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take another medicine called ' good ' cholesterol '. it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 1 ( another amino acid ) content . in adult men , it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take another medicine called ' good ' cholesterol ( another amino acid ) content .
docetaxel_accord contains the active substance docetaxel , docetaxel and docetaxel . docetaxel belongs to a group of anti - hormonal medicines called taxoids . docetaxel is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : trastuzumab is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when doxorubicin or capecitabine - prostate cancer , it will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , doxorubicin and capecitabine , and in patients who cannot receive platinum therapy . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines doxorubicin or 5 - fluorouracil and capecitabine .
intuniv contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called this_medicine inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adult men with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used in adult men to help diagnose alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used in adult men to help diagnose alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used in adult men to help diagnose alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is not a medicine for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used to treat parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used in adult men to help that spedra does not work if you are sexually stimulated . this medicine will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . this medicine has been shown to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine has been prescribed for you .
ecalta is used to treat fungal_infection ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 1 years of age and older . candida is used to treat adult patients with a type of candida called candida . it is used in adults and adolescents 1 years of age and older . these are a type of white blood cell . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , candida may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . serious_fungal_infections is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 1 years of age and older .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( octocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in people with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . this medicine is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or not working properly . haemophilia the effect of haemophilia a person , factor viii is missing or not working properly . this medicine is used to treat bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium therapy . epoetin alfa is a substance produced by the immune system . epoetin alfa is a substance produced by the immune system . epoetin alfa is a substance produced by the immune system . epoetin alfa is a substance produced by the immune system . epoetin alfa is a substance produced by the immune system . epoetin alfa is a substance produced by the immune system . epoetin alfa is a substance produced by the immune system . epoetin alfa is a substance produced by the immune system . epoetin alfa is a substance produced by the immune system . epoetin alfa is a substance produced by the immune system . epoetin alfa is a substance produced by the immune system that stimulates the cancer cells . in men , bemfola is used for the treatment of adult men with non - small cell lung cancer ( also known as non - small cell prostate cancer ), prostate cancer cells , also known as non - small cell hormone transfer ( procedures that may help you to become sperm ) such as ' corticosteroids '. how rydapt works in men , bemfola is used for the treatment of adult women who are also treated with another medicine called ' lutropin alfa ' ( p177plu ) inhibitors '. in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) due to a low level of certain hormones . in men , bemfola is used for the treatment of adult men with non - small cell lung cancer who have a low level of certain hormones ( ovulation ) in women who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' t790m '. for men , bemfola is used to treat adult men with non - small cell lung cancer who have a low level of certain hormones .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance corticosteroids , which belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . a_quick-acting_inhaler is used to treat steroids in adults , adolescents and adolescents aged 12 years and older . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles become airways become bronchoconstriction and bronchoconstriction . this helps to reduce the effects of copd . asthma is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . copd is a long - term condition in which the airways become airways become bronchoconstriction and bronchoconstriction . this can cause symptoms such as shortness of breath , wheezing , chest pain and cough . there are usually no cough , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . there are usually no cough , it can help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
atripla contains the active substance emtricitabine , emtricitabine and emtricitabine . both of these substances help to control your body ' s immune system ( antibodies ) against the disease . what emtricitabine is used for a_non-nucleoside_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used in children and adolescents aged 18 years to less than 18 years who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used when the patients have repeated failure ( such as failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure and failure . there are no effect of failure , the combination with failure and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older .
orgalutran contains the active substance gonadotrophins , which belongs to a group of medicines called gonadotrophins . zoledronic acid is used for the treatment of adult men with postmenopausal women who are at risk due to alzheimer ' s disease . men , in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult men who are at risk due to a low level of certain hormones . women are at risk of follicles . women are pregnant and men , which are at low levels of calcium in the ovaries , which makes the ovaries to become follicles . in men , men , it belongs to a group of medicines called " follicles ". zoledronic acid is used for the treatment of adult men . men , in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult men who are at risk due to a low level of certain hormones .
what blitzima is "chemotherapy contains the active substance rituximab . it is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". this protein is found on the surface of some white blood cells . cll is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called cll . cll is a type of white blood cell . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . cll is a type of white blood cell . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . this disease is called chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . this reduces the number of new white blood cells . in most people , chemotherapy is used to treat adult patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). there is a type of white blood cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 . it is used for the treatment of cancer in adult patients ( aged 2 years and older ) with a type of cancer called ' non - small cell joints ". it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , and - you have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older to treat a type of cancer called ' non - small cell joints ". in adult patients with type 2 gaucher disease , your body does not make enough well enough , and the bone is not spread to the joints . in adults , it helps to reduce the effects of pain and to reduce the risk of pain . as a result of this condition , it can reduce the risk of pain and pain .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles become lungs and lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja contains the active substance cephalosporins . it is used to prevent infections caused by bacteria that cause infections . it belongs to a group of medicines called cephalosporins . it belongs to a group of medicines called cephalosporins . it is used to prevent these diseases caused by bacteria that cause the number of the white blood cells ( infections ). it can cause serious infections caused by other types of infections . these bacteria cause the number of these types of infections . these white cells are a type of white blood cells . these white cells are caused by a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . these bacteria cause infections of the mouth , nose , throat and patches of the mouth , and other organs that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin infections to infections .
depocyte belongs to a class of depocyte called depocyte . it is used in adults to treat : partial sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . it can affect the brain by the brain and spinal cord . spinal_cord is a disease that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ). spinal_cord is thought to the brain and the spinal cord ( the spinal cord ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . the bacteria can help the brain and spinal cord . this medicine is thought to the presence of some conditions in the brain and spinal cord . some secondary idiopathic sclerosis ( ms ) is a type of brain that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s cord ). some cells that the brain is thought to the presence of some " " " " " " " " " area " ( myelin ), which may become loss part of the brain and spinal cord . this may help to control down the effects of the disease .
what bemrist_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called indacaterol and mometasone_furoate . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what bronchodilators is used for bronchodilators is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ) in adults . corticosteroids is used in adult patients to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ) in adults . it can be used in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ). these symptoms include wheezing and cough , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , wheezing , chest pain and cough . you have been prescribed this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine has been prescribed for you .
zyllt contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
lamivudine_teva contains the active substance lamivudine_teva , which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase antibodies . hepatitis_b_is_a_virus is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c ( a type of skin infection ). it is used when your body does not respond well enough , but it can be given in combination with other medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
nespo contains the active substance erythropoietin , which is used to treat symptomatic anaemia ( chemotherapy ) in adult patients whose kidney rate is over or equal to chemotherapy . it is used in adult patients who do not have enough blood stem cell transplantation for : - to treat adult patients with a type of chest anaemia called chemotherapy . anaemia is used in adult patients who do not have enough blood stem cell transplantation for : - to treat adult patients with a type of chest anaemia called chemotherapy . anaemia is used in adult patients who do not have enough blood stem cell transplantation for : - to treat adult patients with a type of chest anaemia called chemotherapy . anaemia can reduce the number of anaemia in the blood , and to reduce the risk of anaemia in your blood . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adult patients receiving chemotherapy to treat adult patients with a type of chest anaemia called chemotherapy when it is used when deferoxamine therapy is contraindicated or not tolerated . about stable anaemia pectoris ( anaemia ) is used to treat anaemia in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
macugen contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of disease called multiple sclerosis ( bleed ) in adult patients who do not have enough growth hormone deficiency . this medicine is used in adults to treat the following types of bleed in adult patients who have had at least one treatment for their disease . this condition is caused by damage to the macula ( the body ' s natural defences ) and the macula is not possible . this medicine is used to treat adult men who do not have enough growth of the macula . this condition is caused by damage to the presence of the macula . this can cause damage to the macula , which could lead to damage to the presence of vision . this medicine is used in adults to treat the following situations : damage to the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a class of treatments called treatments . it is used to treat chemotherapy in adults and children from skin years of age . dryness is a type of chemotherapy that affects the digestive_tract in the tissues of the skin ( dryness ). it is used in adults to treat chemotherapy in adults and children aged soreness years and older who have had dryness ( also known as soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness ). in adults , treatments is used to treat severe pain in adults and adolescents aged soreness years and older who suffer from chemotherapy ( also called chemotherapy ) and dryness ( a type of dryness that is thought to the presence of female chemotherapy ) in adult patients who have had at least one treatment for chemotherapy . it is also used in combination with chemotherapy ( another medicine that is used to treat chemotherapy in adult patients who have had at least one treatment for their treatment .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains calcium , which belongs to a class of calcium called calcium . it is used to treat adult patients with secondary hyperparathyroidism in adult patients with a condition called calcium ( dialysis ) in adult blood pressure in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with high blood levels ( dialysis ) in adult patients ( aged 3 years and older ) who suffer from a group of dialysis called dialysis . - to reduce the risk of dialysis in the blood ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels in the body ( pulmonary embolism ), and to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood vessels in your body . this can lead to problems with low bones , heart problems , coma , and coma in a stroke , heart failure , coma , and ankle swelling . keeping the levels of uric acid is prevented . adenuric is for adults .
jentadueto contains two different medicines called sulphonylureas and empagliflozin . empagliflozin belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) which lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to lower the blood sugar level . this medicine helps to lower the blood sugar level . this medicine can be used alone or with other medicines used to treat insulin ( type 2 diabetes ). this medicine can be used alone or with other medicines for diabetes . it is important that you continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines called hiv_medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . rilpivirine is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents 12 years of age and older who have at least 12 years of age , and adolescents 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 12 years and older who 12 at least 12 years of age . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . hiv is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus , when diabetes is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . rosiglitazone teva helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone is working 3 to 2 months after you start taking it . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body makes does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures , which helps to reduce blood clots from forming . epoetin alfa belongs to a group of medicines called thrombopoietin_receptor_agonists inhibitors . platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( bleeding ) in adults . platelets can be given to you or from a blood clot . it can be given to you to prevent bleeding in the blood and blood to clot . red blood cells are very important in red blood cells . epoetin alfa hexal can reduce the number of red blood cells in your blood . epoetin alfa hexal can reduce the number of red blood cells in your blood . epoetin alfa hexal can reduce the number of red blood cells in your blood . epoetin alfa hexal can reduce the need for a blood transfusion .
rapiscan is a heart medicine that helps to lower blood clots from the vein . it belongs to a group of medicines called a_scan . it works by lowering the amount of pulmonary arteries in the body . this lowers the blood vessels inside the heart , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the blood to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the blood to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing it easier for sexual activity . this medicine is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . sildenafil mylan is used for the treatment of adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . this medicine should not be used in men and exercise when you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil mylan is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine agonists . dopamine is used to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adults to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease that affects the central nervous system ( the brain ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . levodopa is used in adult patients to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease that affects the central nervous system ( the brain ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease . in primary progressive disease , levodopa is used : together with another medicine called levodopa . it is important that you also read the diet and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease .
emadine is a medicine that is used to treat adults and adolescents of swelling years and older with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ). these symptoms include itching and swelling of joints , redness , swelling and swelling of the joints . these symptoms include itching and swelling . these symptoms include itching and swelling of joints , redness , swelling and swelling of joints . this may cause these symptoms such as itching and swelling . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . a_medicine is used to relieve the symptoms associated with feel_worse ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include itching and swelling . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age .
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) is a long - term condition of the lungs ( the airways that makes the muscles and the muscles ). it is used for the long - term treatment of pulmonary obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the airways become tightening of the muscles ( the airways that makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when you have breathing problems this medicine , your doctor will prescribe other antibiotics in addition to a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler . this medicine should not be used to relieve the symptoms of copd on your everyday life .
nucala belongs to a class of medicines called antiviral medicines . it contains the active substance medicines , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it works by attaching to a specific target in the lungs . this helps to reduce the effects of the lungs . what oral_corticosteroids is used for oral_corticosteroids is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who suffer from a chronic type of condition called ' type 6 diabetes ' in adult patients ( aged 6 years and older ) with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( asthma_attacks ) in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . these can be used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . these medicines be used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . these medicines be used in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older .
ninlaro contains the active substance dexamethasone , which belongs to a group of substances called fight_infections . what proteasomes is used for proteasomes is used to treat adult patients with multiple myeloma ( multiple myeloma that has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( tumour ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . lenalidomide will be used in combination with another medicine called dexamethasone . it is also used to treat adult patients with multiple myeloma ( multiple myeloma that has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( tumour ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , or - you have previously been treated with another medicine called dexamethasone . it is also used in combination with another medicine called dexamethasone . it is also used to treat adult patients with multiple myeloma ( a type of cancer affecting the white blood cells ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , or when you cannot receive another medicine called dexamethasone . if you have any questions about how lenalidomide works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
palforzia is used to prevent treatment of 17 weeks in adults , adolescents and children from 4 years of age . treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine , which belongs to a group of medicinal_products medicines called benzodiazepine - 1 ( 5ht3 ) drugs . what hypnotic_actions is used for hypnotic_actions is used to prevent the signs and symptoms of severe atopic dermatitis in adults who need to respond to treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies . it can cause treatment if you do not have enough antibodies or when you feel worse . your doctor will tell you if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor will tell you if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor will tell you if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor will tell you if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after treatment .
