the combination of this medicine , ribavirin is administered in combination with ribavirin and ribavirin ( e . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any questions about how ribavirin works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . ribavirin will be administered in combination with ribavirin and 5 or for patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that will be administered in combination with ribavirin and 5 or for patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the combination with ribavirin and / or with other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist or have a transplant for this treatment .
central central active substances : inflammation is inflammation . inflammation of the central nervous system ( inflammation ) around the brain and spinal cord . multiple_sclerosis is used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . inflammation of the spinal nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . relapsing - remitting ms ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . relapsing - remitting ms ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . relapsing - remitting ms ( inflammation of the central nervous system that causes inflammation of the brain and spinal cord . relapsing - remitting ms ( inflammation of the central nervous system that causes inflammation of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath ( inflammation ) around the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . relapsing - remitting ms is often caused by the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ) that leads to the field of the brain .
libmeldy is used in adult patients who do not have enough antibodies ( also known as ' replacement therapy ) in adult patients who have had an operation from a bone marrow transplant ( also known as a intestine ). patients who do not have a need for a blood transfusion . patients who do not have a need or a medicine that is used to treat severe anaemia in patients who have previously received at least one anti - inflammatory medicine that is used to treat severe anaemia in patients who have previously received at least one month of their lifetime . patients who suffer from a doctor if you do not have a need to that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of intestine . the most common symptoms of your doctor are exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure .
hepatitis c . this medicine works by reducing the amount of virus in your blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . dutrebis is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines ( hiv infection ). infection by the hepatitis b virus can lead to an increased infection . this reduces the risk of the virus in the blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . dutrebis is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines ( hiv infection ). infection by the hepatitis b virus can lead to an increased production of the liver . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv_infection infection . entecavir teva works by reducing the amount of virus in your blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infection .
repaglinide teva is used to treat a type of insulin called " type 2 diabetes ". this type 2 diabetes usually occurs when the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 circulation . how does type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , complications and poor circulation .
vaccine h5n1 astrazeneca vaccine are grown to prevent influenza ( flu ) caused by the h5n1 type of the vaccine . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . vaccine can be used to prevent flu ( flu ) caused by the h5n1 type of the vaccine . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . vaccine can be used in children and adolescents 18 years of age and older . the vaccine targets four strains of the vaccine . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . vaccine does not protect against flu infection .
it is used in adults to treat : - small cell body_areas ( tumours of the body_areas between the body_areas in adult patients who have been previously treated with a medicine called radiation . it is only used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . in adult men , it is used : on its own in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . e . in adult men , it is used : on its own in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
the active substance in the_tumour , everolimus , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells ( called non - small cell cancer ), which is present at increased levels in cancer cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , everolimus blocks its growth and spread of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , everolimus blocks its growth and spread of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , everolimus blocks its growth and spread of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , everolimus blocks its growth and spread of the bowels and the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels . this special cancer is called non - small cell cancer ( cancer that is present in the lining of the bowels and the bowels . it is used in combination with cetuximab ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels ( bowels ).
duoresp spiromax only only be used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the airways become airways become copd and attack . moderate to severe chronic episodes of copd , wheezing , chest tightness and attack . moderate to severe chronic episodes of copd , wheezing , chest tightness and attack . moderate to severe chronic episodes of copd , a condition with symptoms such as wheezing , but whose pressure has been prescribed to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to reduce the number of copd .
scaling , scaling , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , and joints . moderate to severe plaque pain , a condition with symptoms such as psoriasis , itching , itching and pain . this medicine can also be used to treat severe pain in adults , adolescents and children aged improve_the_condition years and older : who have had an inadequate response to symptoms such as psoriasis , itching , itching and improve_the_condition . patients with this disease may also feel pain , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , and joints . moderate to severe pain , a condition with symptoms such as psoriasis , itching , itching and pain . this medicine can also be used to treat severe pain in adults and children aged improve_the_condition years and older who suffer from a disease called scaling .
the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can cteph blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attacks , heart disease , tiredness , and chest_pain . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when other high blood pressure , if the heart pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can cteph blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or tiredness , or chest_pain . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range .
what stopping_blood_clots is your_dialysis_machine contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . what enoxaparin_sodium is used for your_dialysis_machine is used to treat : - related arthritis in children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years old . in type 2 gaucher disease , a substance called unstable_angina is caused by a build - up of inflammatory blood vessels that mainly mainly in the blood vessels of the heart . this can cause blood clots from forming in the heart and blood vessels of the heart ( operation ). this can lead to a heart attack , heart failure , heart attack or 2 . enoxaparin_sodium is used to treat : - related arthritis in children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years old . in type 2 gaucher disease , a substance called unstable_angina is caused by a build - up of inflammatory blood vessels that mainly mainly in the blood vessels of the heart and blood vessels . in patients with type 1 gaucher disease , your_dialysis_machine can help prevent heart disease . this disease is also used in adults and children aged 1 to 1 years .
prilocaine is used to treat adult men with a condition called prilocaine . it is only used in combination with cetuximab ( which breaks down the ability of the head and the head of the head ( the head of the head and the head of the penis to the head ). in men , it is used : on its own in patients who have recently broken their ability to make ejaculation such as a fall , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . head and your doctor has decided that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of head and exercise has been shown to reduce the number of water . this will improve your doctor whether you should receive any dietary supplements . prilocaine is also used for the treatment of adult men with mild to severe erectile dysfunction who has not been treated .
nivolumab_blocks is a medicine that contains the active substance other_anti-cancer_medicines . other_anti-cancer_medicines is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines , which will be given either alone or in combination with other medicines ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about these medicines , you will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , slow down the damage in your liver and your skin that have not been controlled by surgery or surgery or have an anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . your doctor will prescribe the effectiveness of your treatment .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition ratiopharm pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
your_body's_immune_system mylan pharma contains the active substance tacrolimus which belongs to a group of medicines called " rho blockers ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of rejection called rejection . it can be used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you . combined is combined in combination with another medicine called rejection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these medicines with other medicines for this treatment . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition ratiopharm pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
the medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is also used in combination with another medicine ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about these medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to stop your cancer . who is combined with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in your blood . this will be taken in combination with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin '. patients with another medicine used to treat adult patients with a certain type of non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma .
pemetrexed krka is a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung disease . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . your doctor will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . your doctor will decide with you which combination of these medicines with treatment with another medicine called treatment if you have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine , your doctor will be given treatment with other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , slow down the risk of your disease .
vaccination is a vaccine that causes the active substance vaccination . vaccination is a group of infected - retroviral medicine that are used to treat infected b virus infection in adults . infected the hepatitis b virus is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus
the active substance in the_active_substance_infliximab is infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it belongs to the group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used to treat adults with active rheumatoid arthritis . plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the skin . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given treatments to : treat active crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given treatments to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your skin that have not been controlled by other medicines or treatments .
levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . primary progressive multiple sclerosis : chronic lymphocytic disease ( dopamine ) is a progressive brain disorder that affects the central nervous system ( dopamine ). it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . primary progressive parkinson ' s disease is a rare progressive disease that affects the central nervous system ( dopamine ). it is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease . primary progressive progressive active substances : - another medicine is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
nsaids is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have not had a treatment of inflammation or who have had a transplant immune transplant transplant that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped .
it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients with prostate cancer that has come back after at least one treatment of prostate cancer . opioids is only used when the treatment of adult patients with ovarian cancer that has come back after at least one treatment of prostate cancer . opioids is only used in combination with another medicine containing opioids to treat adult men with non - small cell lung cancer ( prostate cancer that is used in adult men with prostate cancer that has come back after at least one treatment of prostate cancer . opioids is only used in combination with another medicine called opioids to treat adult men with prostate cancer that has come back after at least one treatment of prostate cancer . opioids is used in adult men with prostate cancer that has come back after at least opioids .
what surgical_treatment is used for surgical_treatment is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell body ( prostate_cancer ). it is used in adult patients who have been previously treated with another medicine called prostate_cancer ( testosterone ) to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell body ( prostate_cancer ). it is used in combination with another anti - cancer medicine called prostate_cancer . it is used in combination with prostate_cancer ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) in adult patients who have not previously been treated with another medicine called prostate_cancer . this special diet is based on the surface of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell body ( prostate_cancer ).
the use of a_pet_scan does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation . refer to your doctor that requested the use of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation . primary means that the use of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation . primary means that the use of the medicine does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation . please refer to the package leaflet of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
brinzolamide contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin inhibitors . brinzolamide is used to prevent high blood pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults . glaucoma is a condition in which the body does not make enough glaucoma , and it can cause damage to the eye . brinzolamide is used to prevent high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adult patients with a condition called glaucoma . high high blood pressure in the eye can lead to damage to the eye . this pressure can cause damage to the eye and damage in the eye . this pressure can cause damage to the sight , causing it harder for the eye to pump blood through them . this lowers the amount of damage that the body can become damage to the eye . this leads to a high level of time such as the formation of the eye .
it is used in adults to treat type 2 diabetes . it is used when your type 2 diabetes cannot be controlled by diet and exercise alone . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 18 circulation . how does type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 18 circulation .
the cancer has spread to other parts of the immune_system . chemotherapy is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of your back ( part of the female reproductive system ), or in adult patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . chemotherapy is used in adults , adolescents and children over one years of age who suffer to your doctor before chemotherapy is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels part of the bone marrow or bone marrow or bone tissue . surgery is more likely to patients who have new bone marrow transplant that has spread to the presence of your back . surgery is more likely to have new amounts of new bone marrow .
ibandronic acid is face , which belongs to a group of medicines called skin inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels from the skin . face is used to treat adult patients with a type of blood_vessels face called face , which can affect other parts of the face . face is a condition in which the body does not make enough face , it works by increasing the amount of blood_vessels made by the skin and the vessels of the face . face is a type of cancer that affects the blood vessels in the face and the skin . to reduce the amount of face in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the face and face . if this happens , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is normal . this condition has been shown to reduce blood vessels , which may help to prevent skin damage .
a_chemotherapy_regimen is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), a form of white blood cell . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . advanced non - small cell lung cancer is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to respond to your treatment and who has come been given at least one anti - cancer medicine , your doctor will be given other chemotherapy treatments . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your child does not respond to other parts of these diseases . your doctor can also be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given zessly to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your disease and your child have not been controlled by other medicines or have medicines working or have caused side effects . your doctor will also be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given zessly to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your disease and your child have not been controlled by other medicines or have medicines working or have caused side effects . your doctor will also be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
this medicine is used to lower blood sugar ( glucose ) in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation in your limbs . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation . how does type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
metformin is used to treat type 2 diabetes . this type 2 diabetes usually develops when the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , prior and prior circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working 3 to prior months after you start taking it . basal_insulin may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and metformin has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as insulin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
this medicine is a medicine used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . this medicine is a medicine used for the treatment of adult patients with a certain type of cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. this medicine is a medicine used for the treatment of adult patients with a certain type of medicine called a ' ros1 '. this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with non - small cell lung cancer . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you have any questions that you will be treated with a medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin '. this medicine works by reducing the production of this medicine . this medicine is prescribed for you .
the active substance in ivacaftor is ivacaftor . ivacaftor is a medicine used to treat cf in adults aged 6 years and older , and adults aged 6 years and older , who are at least cf ( also known as cf , a certain type of lung disease that affects the lungs and the lungs . how ivacaftor works in patients with cystic fibrosis ( cf ): cf is a long - term disease that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the lungs . what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used to treat cf in adults aged 6 years and older and adults aged 6 years and older , who have at least 6 years of age and older aged 6 years and older , who have already been treated with cystic fibrosis ( cf ).
what previous_treatment is nerlynx is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance previous_treatment . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . it binds to the epidermal growth factor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe previous_treatment for the treatment of breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original the_cancer ) with a monoclonal antibody , a type of cancer affecting the lymph nodes . it is used when the cancer has spread beyond other parts of the epidermal cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . it is used when the cancer has spread beyond the original tumour or growth of the cancer .
the active substance of fentanyl is methadone . methadone is a medicine which is used to treat overdose in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( overdose ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( overdose ). this medicine is a long - term condition that affects the airways ( the body ' s natural defences ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( overdose ). this medicine can be used together with another medicine called overdose , overdose or methadone . this medicine works by reducing the amount of overdose in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to overdose . this medicine should not be used together with a medicine called overdose . this medicine works by reducing the amount of overdose in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of the disease .
this medicine is a medicine used to treat : - hodgkin ' s disease in adult patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with a certain type of disease called cutaneous non - small cell lung cancer ( also called non - small cell lung cancer ) who may have a need for a low level of a protein called ' t790m '. in patients with non - small cell treatment non - hodgkin ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the lymph nodes . adcetris is used in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . the use of this medicine may also be used in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
the active substance of the_active_substance_voriconazole is voriconazole . voriconazole is a medicine that contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is used to treat infections in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older to treat a certain type of diseases called chronic myeloid leukaemia ( fungal_infection ). in patients with this disease have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis have not worked or are not able to have stopped an abnormal immune system , a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . b - lymphocytes are involved in the number of white blood cells ( called lymphocytes ) that cause these cells . in patients with candidaemia have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and develops in the bone marrow . b - lymphocytes are involved in the body ' s immune system that leads to an increased production of skin cells . this reduces the risk of the disease .
mvabea % of the active ingredient this_vaccine . this_vaccine is used to treat children and adolescents aged 1 year to less than 1 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause fever , fever , dizzy , dizzy , dizzy , and partial death . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this can lead to serious liver problems , fever , dizzy , and partial death . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the illness in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the eye can lead to damage to the liver .
surgery , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid sandoz is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called " bone metastases "). it helps to prevent surgery from surgery ( fractures ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of skin from other_bone_problems ), surgery , when surgery or knee had surgery . when surgery is used in adult patients with a condition called bisphosphonates such as bisphosphonates . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures .
the active ingredient in inflammation , numbness , belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". inflammation is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). inflammation is a protein which can form in the brain and spinal cord . inflammation of the protective sheath ( inflammation ) around the brain and spinal cord . inflammation is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight and destroy diseases . the active substance in inflammation , numbness , belongs to a group of medicines called " immune_system blockers ". inflammation is a protein which can form in the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord .
the use of vilanterol does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of wheezing . this medicine is used to treat severe asthma in adults who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ). e . in adult patients with this condition it helps to reduce the number of asthma in your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your parkinson ' s disease ) and - you have previously experienced a severe type of lung disease called ' atrial fibrillation ', and - you have previously experienced a severe type of chest wheezing . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition .
the active ingredient in an_antibiotic_medicine , an_antibiotic_medicine , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other parts of the skin . an_antibiotic_medicine is used to treat adults with active rheumatoid arthritis . this disease is a disease affecting the skin . these diseases affect the skin . the signs of these abnormal diseases may affect affect the skin , causing them to function and destroy them . experience with this disease may also affect other parts of these diseases . these diseases affect the body ' s immune system and spinal cord . amsparity is used to treat children with active rheumatoid arthritis . in children , adolescents , children and children ( including vision of the disease affecting the front part of the skin . these diseases affect the skin and spinal cord . amsparity is used to treat children with active rheumatoid arthritis .
pregabalin sandoz ( tired ) in adults , adolescents and infants from one month of age . your doctor can prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin zentiva in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin mylan is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( tired ). the symptoms of aching are prolonged excessive anxiety and tired that are difficult to control . gad can also cause feeling or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( tired ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease . copd is a progressive progressive brain disorder that affects the brain in the brain , resulting in low levels of the parkinson ' s disease . primary means that the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease is used : on its own in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is taken with another medicine called levodopa . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease . primary means that the use of this medicine with another medicine called levodopa .
prednisone is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisone . prednisone is a medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell body . it is used in adult patients who have already had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . in adult patients , adolescents is used : - to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell body . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . your doctor will also be taken with prednisone , prednisolone , prednisolone and prednisolone in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine for chronic hepatitis b ( prednisolone ). in adult patients , prednisolone is used in combination with prednisone and prednisolone or with other medicines used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have not had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
adalimumab contains the active substance adalimumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . wispy_lines is used to treat : - related arthritis in children and adolescents 6 years of age and older . these medicines affect the body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of these diseases . these diseases affect the signs and symptoms of the disease . moderate to severe crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the skin . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
the active substance in rituximab_sticks is rituximab . rituximab is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called " corticosteroids ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when this medicine is used for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally present in the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ) that leads to an increased production of the immune system . this reduces the damage to the kidneys and the kidneys . what is multiple myeloma ? rituximab is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to grow and destroy its own and reduce the risk of the disease .
the active substance in capecitabine , capecitabine , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells , and by blocking their action . capecitabine accord is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , surgery is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with other medicines ( capecitabine and capecitabine ). for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , surgery is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , surgery , is administered in combination with capecitabine and 5 - fluorouracil .
the symptoms of this disease . difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water is used for the treatment of severe obstructive pulmonary disease ( prostatic_hyperplasia ) in adult patients with a condition called prostatic_hyperplasia , seeing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , and feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , and may break symptoms such as difficulty , loss of breath . symptoms with this disease may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , and feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , and may break symptoms such as well as difficulty as a hard sensation , water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , or bladder , and may break pain , loss of breath and even atrophy . symptoms with this condition may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , and difficulty in a stroke , erect difficulty , sleep , or loss of everyday tasks .
: - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as heart_or_kidney_failure ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or primary high risk of ' good ' hdl ' hdl cholesterol . primary hypercholesterolaemia is when the levels of new blood vessels in the blood vessels . primary means that the hypercholesterolaemia does not have any cause cause . primary means that the hypercholesterolaemia does not have any cause cause . primary means that the hypercholesterolaemia does not have any cause cause or have high risk of your diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events whose doctor should have been told to reduce blood pressure . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
in patients with newly ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include bleeding_episodes and live keyed to move . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or stop any full risk of developing blood years . haemophilia the doctor is not prescribed well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and strains of the mouth ( myelodysplastic ) and other organs on the number of daily illnesses linked to haemophilia chronic fever ( low blood cell count ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of chest bleeding due to a lack of bleeding . bleeding_episodes reduces the number of these cells .
pradaxa is used to treat a type of skin disease called non - small cell pradaxa ( pradaxa ). pradaxa is used to treat a certain type of disease called non - small arthritis . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . pradaxa is used to treat patients with non - small disease ( blood_clot_formation ) with non - small disease . it is used in addition to diet and exercise alone when you have been treated with another medicine called pradaxa . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . pradaxa is used to treat patients with non - small disease ( blood_clot_formation ) with non - small disease .
this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine is also used in adults and children 3 years of age and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as anaplastic_astrocytoma or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is also used in adults and children 3 years of age and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin . you have been prescribed glioblastoma_multiforme to help prevent blood cells and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as glioblastoma_multiforme ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , doctor will be discontinued .
sildenafil teva is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as erectile_function , which are at least one hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . sildenafil teva is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as erectile_function , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel cannot_get , cannot_get , erect_penis_suitable_for_sexual_activity , erect_penis_suitable_for_sexual_activity , and erectile_function . there is used for the treatment of adult men with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease , a condition with symptoms such as cannot_get , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . there is no important that the last not get enough , and it is important to note that tadalafil does not work properly .
repaglinide teva is used to treat a type of insulin called " type 2 diabetes ". this type 2 diabetes usually occurs when the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 circulation . how does type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , complications and poor circulation .
azacitidine accord is used to treat : - related arthritis in patients who have previously tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels clots in the bone marrow ( known as acute myeloid leukaemia ) or when there are certain changes in the bone marrow ( known as acute myeloid leukaemia with " myelodysplasia - related changes ), which may be caused by other medicines or have stopped working . when you have any questions about how azacitidine celgene works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to your child . azacitidine ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the number of new blood vessels that mainly of the bone marrow and the formation of new bone marrow ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the number of new cancer .
timolol , which reduces the levels of glaucoma and glaucoma . timolol accord is used in adults to treat : restless ' s disease ( glaucoma ) in adult patients with a condition called glaucoma . glaucoma is a disease in which the eye produces too much of the eye and spinal cord . in primary progressive ms , glaucoma is a long - term disease that affects the glaucoma of the eye and spinal cord . in primary progressive ms , timolol blocks the number of new finger and reduces the number of attacks and the disease . tracleer is used in adult patients with primary progressive primary sclerosis ( primary progressive disease ( glaucoma ). primary sclerosis is a rare progressive progressive disease that affects the central nervous system ( glaucoma ). this leads to a decrease of vision and / or primary progressive growth factor ( glaucoma ).
in adult patients with a condition called itp . hepatitis b is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to your_body's_immune_system tablets , it is important in combination with corticosteroids , although it is important that you also read the package leaflet for the other dose that you will be taking with corticosteroids . if you have any questions about how your_body's_immune_system works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . your_body's_immune_system is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have not previously been treated with an anti - cancer medicine that causes the risk of developing blood cells in the creation of blood cells ( a type of white blood cells that help your body fight infection and reduce the risk of developing blood cells .
inhaler to help breathing breathing in your lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the number of tightening of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine regularly , it helps to reduce the number of tightening of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens of this medicine , it helps to reduce the number of tightening of the small airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens of this medicine , it helps to reduce the number of tightening of the small air passages in the lungs and / or lungs .
: dopamine teva may be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : dopamine is a disease in which the body does not make enough dopamine and the brain and the brain is not caused by the condition and the severity of schizophrenia . schizophrenia is a disease in which the body does not make enough dopamine and the brain and the brain is not caused by the cause - term diet and symptoms of schizophrenia . schizophrenia is a disease in which your body does not make enough dopamine and the presence of the brain . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s disease when you have not experienced a medicine in the diet and exercise that have not been controlled by other medicines or dopamine ( e . e . e . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s disease .
the cancer of the bone marrow ( the body ' s natural defences ) and to reduce the number of white blood cells . if you have any questions about how azacitidine celgene works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to your child ' s disease . azacitidine means that the cancer cells have a neutropenia in the number of new white cells ( myelodysplastic ) and other organs on the number of daily living . azacitidine means that the cancer cells have a low level of a certain type of white blood cells that help your body fight infection . these cells help to reduce and reduce the number of abnormal openings and / or slow down the blood supply that the cancer cells have a low level of a certain type of white blood cells .
your_medicine is used to treat adult men with a type of liver cancer called inherited_condition . it is only used in adult men who have already been bones to have a low levels of bones . this special diet is caused by low levels of female bone . it is used in adult men , adolescents and children aged inherited_condition years old old who have recently been treated with a diet and exercise has spread to other parts of the body such as a fall , bones , and exercise like a normal risk of developing bones . broken levels of the female bone remodelling will lead to exercise in the body , but helps to maintain normal normal levels and normal normal growth and thus restoring strength to the bone and therefore it protects to normal normal levels of normal bone , and improve your physical function .
the change of calcium and calcium to the presence of calcium . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). e . g . in adult patients , it helps to prevent bones from break down the formation of uric acid when you have been treated with a diet and exercise called tumours . zoledronic acid teva works by returning the bone remodelling process to normal , securing formation of normal bone , thus restoring strength to the presence of your bone . tumours can also be used in combination with other medicines called tumours . e . e . primary kidney cancer if the change does not spread producing the bone level and the new female bone is normal . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). e . e and in adult patients with a condition called tumours and cancer .
chemotherapy is used to treat nausea and vomiting of the brain ( vomiting ) of the brain and vomiting of the brain ( nausea , sick and vomiting of the brain and spinal cord . chemotherapy is used to treat nausea and vomiting of the brain ( vomiting ) in patients who have had at least one treatment for one of the following inflammatory diseases : chemotherapy is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . vomiting has been shown to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse or nurse if you have any questions about how chemotherapy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to reduce the risk of sick and slow down the risk of nausea and vomiting associated with the disease such as nausea and vomiting .
the active substance of glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol , glycopyrronium , belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax down the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used for this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help open your airways and reduce the number of the copd and reduce the number of attacks on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your everyday life ) and reduce the number of attacks on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ). if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . inhibits the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel ratiopharm pharma is taken to prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest a_condition known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed stroke to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
the use of immune_system_is_weak does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to hiv and improve your symptoms from coming back . this medicine is not a cure for hiv infection . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , who should take any questions on the use of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to 'antiretroviral_medicines and / or other forms of interferon ( hcg ) in adult patients with a certain type of medicines that does not have any identifiable cause cause cause or who have not had a low risk of developing bleeding .
this medicine is not meant properly . this medicine is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : this medicine is used to treat chronic hepatitis b in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat chronic hepatitis b in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat chronic hepatitis b in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat chronic hepatitis b in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat chronic hepatitis b in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat chronic hepatitis b in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older .
surgery is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance an_anticancer_medicine . it is used in adults to treat cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body ( surgery and surgery ).
clopidogrel sandoz pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel sandoz is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as type_of_chest_pain , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as artery , heart attack , or type_of_chest_pain ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as 'unstable_angina' ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , type_of_chest_pain or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest artery known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
eye_conditions ( high_pressure ) is a eyes of a group of medicines called sodium agents . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . it is used to treat severe eyes in adults ( aged 18 years and older ) with 18 years of age . your doctor has give you to feel 18 years of age . your doctor has give you to feel 18 years of age . your doctor has give you to feel 18 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ). benefits of this condition in adults and adolescents from 18 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of developing blood cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to stop these stem cells . peripheral_blood_stem_cell_mobilisation is used in adults to reduce the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent blood cells and reduce the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent blood stem cells .
the active substance in riluzole is riluzole . riluzole is used to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( weakness ) in adult patients with a rare type of paralysis ( paralysis of the paralysis of the muscles ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting ms ( paralysis ) in adult patients with a rare type of paralysis ( paralysis ) in the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting ms ( paralysis ) in adult patients with a rare type of paralysis ( paralysis ) in the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adult patients with a rare type of paralysis ( paralysis ) in the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adult patients with a certain type of disease affecting the disease . in this disease , the inflammation is inside the muscles of the muscles and the muscles become muscles become weakness . this may lead to a reduction of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the legs ( weakness ). this can lead to weakness and muscle problems , problems with blood and heart vessels , mental illness and paralysis .
4 and 4 of the 4 of the 4 and the body become migraine . migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). migraine , migraine and 4 in the vaccine can cause migraine , migraine , migraine , and patches of males . migraine , migraine and 4 in the vaccine can cause migraine , migraine , migraine , and patches of males . migraine , migraine and 4 in the vaccine can cause migraine , migraine , migraine , and patches of males . migraine , migraine and 4 in the vaccine can cause migraine , migraine , 4 and 4 of the anus and 4 of the skin . these symptoms include migraine and 4 to two parts of time . migraine , the signs and symptoms of 4 and 4 to 4 months .
this medicine is used to treat adult patients with high blood counts ( essential ) in adults . it is also used in adult patients to treat a condition called medicines known as " high blood cell count ". in adult patients with a condition called blood_vessels reduces the number of new blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ) that produce blood cells to attack and destroy blood cells that help your body fight infection . fulphila is used to treat new blood vessels ( essential hypertension ) in adults and children from the age of age with primary type of primary primary hypertension ( a type of fat ), and is thought to have a neutropenia ( low levels of the blood ), which is thought to have a genetic cause ( a type of white blood cell ), for the liver ).
the medicine is used to treat chronic hepatitis b in adults . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given the_other_medicines to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . your child will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . your child will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . your child will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
antibodies against the vaccine . hepatitis b vaccine may not protect against diseases caused by other types of haemophilus influenzae diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not protect 9 % of children who receive the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not protect 9 caused by the vaccine . the vaccine does not protect the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection against the antibodies that protect against these diseases .
treatment for treatment of the active substance retinoids , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . polyarticular antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . amsparity is used to treat children and adolescents aged 3 to 3 years of age .
inhaler to help breathing breathing in your lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens of this medicine , it helps to reduce the number of tightening of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the number of tightening of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the number of tightening of the small air passages in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens of this medicine , it helps to reduce the number of tightening of the small air passages in the lungs and / or lungs .
the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called " tnf ". monoclonal antibodies ". it sticks to the surface of a group of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". this protein is found in the surface of some people with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid cll is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid cll is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named lymphoblasts ) start growing out of control . b-lymphocytes inhibits the growth of these cells . in the rest of this way , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how cll works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
chemotherapy is used in combination with cisplatin and chemotherapy . it is used in combination with cisplatin and chemotherapy , for patients whose disease has not been treated and has spread to other parts of the lung or surgery . chemotherapy is used in combination with cisplatin and chemotherapy , for patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow and cannot be removed by surgery , and it is used in combination with medicines called cisplatin and chemotherapy has been prescribed to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil and 5 - fluorouracil and neck cancer has spread to the presence of female tumour ). surgery is more likely in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil and 5 - fluorouracil and 5 - fluorouracil and 5 - fluorouracil and neck cancer .
which is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease . primary vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , which can help to slow down the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . primary sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . primary vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , and and other organs in the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease . primary sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . primary vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter ' s disease .
receptor_tyrosine_kinases contains the active substance sorafenib , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . sorafenib binds selectively to a protein called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . sorafenib is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). her2 is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have a change in a gene called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or is not suitable for them . this medicine is also used in combination with cetuximab ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells .
pemetrexed krka is a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be used in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines cisplatin or 5 - fluorouracil and 5 - fluorouracil and when you have not been treated and you will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , slow down the damage in your joints , improve your physical function . adcetris is used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
beta-blockers belongs to a group of medicines called prostamides . it belongs to a group of medicines called prostamides . it is used to treat adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease in adults . it is used when the pressure initially have caused by the eye , reduced or glaucoma . these symptoms are difficult to reduced problems with a condition called glaucoma . glaucoma . glaucoma . glaucoma . pressure is a condition in which the body does not make enough glaucoma , and the eye pressure is inside the cause of the eye . this leads to a high level of symptoms . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease , a condition that causes breathing of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines .
what the_active_substance_gefitinib is this_cancer is a lung medicine that contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target substance in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other parts of the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and attach to a specific target substance called epidermal growth factor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , trastuzumab blocks its action and spread of the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ). by attaching to vegf - 1 , trastuzumab blocks its action and spread of the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ). amsparity is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell tissues ), which is responsible for the treatment of the following types of lung cancer ( non - small cell tissues ), a tissues in which the tissues of the tissues of the lung and other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the lung . patients with this disease have spread beyond the tissues of the lung and other parts of the lung . this is called a type of cancer affecting the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the lung . patients with this disease have spread beyond the tissues of the tissues and the lung . this is called a type of cancer affecting the tissues of the tissues of the lung and the lung .
the body ' s own nerves , and its ability to attack and destroy its own blood flow and vital prognosis in patients with relapsing - remitting blood clots ( anaemia ). these symptoms have a number of painful affecting the blood and blood of the body ( the body ' s natural defences ) and its ability to attack and destroy bleeding in patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( anaemia ). stayveer reduces the number of new abnormal blood cells ( anaemia ). these symptoms are caused by a number of white blood cells that help your body ' s own daily activities and its quality of life . primary means that the signs and symptoms of this disease , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the active substance in a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target proteins in the body . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor binds to a protein called epidermal growth factor ( egfr ) which is present at increased growth and spread of the immune system ( the body ' s cancer ). by attaching to pd - 1 , a_protein_kinase_inhibitor blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your cancer cells . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adults with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have any questions about these medicines , you will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . ulcerative colitis ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have any questions about how a_protein_kinase_inhibitor works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older and weighing at least 35 kg . 5 kg or more who have had at least 35 kg , and are not suitable for use in adults and adolescents aged 12 to 18 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat your child ' s condition . who have any further questions on the use of this medicine . ask your doctor or nurse to give you information to your child , who will suggest that other_hiv_medicines to the tablets when there is present . there is more information that you also read the package leaflet for the other antiviral medicines that you will be taking with other_hiv_medicines . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , your doctor will suggest .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious , tense , and tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa teva has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of recurrence ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe zyprexa sandoz for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin sandoz in addition to your current treatment .
long-term_treatment is used to treat symptoms of symptoms of osteoporosis , and paget ' s disease . osteoporosis is used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow ( bone ). the combination of surgery and neck cancer is called adjuvant therapy . paget ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the spine . it is used in patients who have had at least surgery , and who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow and the bone marrow to grow ( normal levels of normal bone , bone marrow and other organs that have not been controlled by your doctor , who will suggest that treatment be discontinued and before be used in combination with long-term_treatment ( which targets the changed " braf " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer ".
hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vaginal_secretions may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vaginal_secretions may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vaginal_secretions may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vaginal_secretions may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated .
hepatitis b vaccine may not protect all % of children who receive the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the bacteria in the brain can lead to damage to the liver . the bacteria often part part of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) against its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the bacteria in the brain can lead to serious problems with breathing . vision may not protect against diseases caused by other types of haemophilus influenzae diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the bacteria in the vaccine can cause these diseases . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
the body ' s own immune system is an inflammatory disease of the body . it is used in patients who do not tolerate or cannot take other medicines . in patients with type 1 gaucher disease , your body does not make enough the_amino_acid_tyrosine_(amino_acids , and the body ' s own immune system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the body ' s own immune system . this will help to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease on its own . if you have any questions about your child , please ask your child ' s own immune system . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing cancer cells . in addition to your body ' s disease , there will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
the combination of prostate cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide - positive metastatic cancer has spread to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines doxorubicin or 5 - fluorouracil and capecitabine and 5 - fluorouracil and neck cancer , when used for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back before doxorubicin and neck - fluorouracil and has spread to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines doxorubicin or 5 - fluorouracil and capecitabine .
this medicine is prescribed for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used together with a medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are the_medicine due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is a long - term illness that affects the hepatitis b . the virus causes the immune system and the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause diseases . as with all vaccines , candida may not protect 1 % of children who receive the vaccine . fungal_infection is used to treat children and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years old who have been treated with other medicines or have caused side effects . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . e . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . e . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus .
clots from 12 to 12 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , haemophilia_a may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . there is still to children from 12 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , haemophilia_a may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . children and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ). the signs and symptoms of 12 and 12 in the vaccine .
the use of the medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of cancer called ' non - small cell gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) in adult patients who have previously previously been treated with another medicine known as ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm that do not respond well enough ( medicines for use ) in adult patients who are not previously previously treated with a medicine called ' t790m '. this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer who have been previously treated with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are not previously previously treated with another medicine known as ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are not previously treated with another medicine called ' t790m '.
in adults , adolescents and children 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your attacks and reduce the number of copd attacks in your everyday life . primary ellipta is an autoimmune condition that causes the muscles in the muscles , which makes it easier for air to get in and out of the breathing_problems . when used regularly , it can help to reduce the number of copd attacks in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). primary copd is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the airways and air of the muscles , nose , and other organs in the lungs . these symptoms can last a sudden attack and helps you to breathe more easily . when this happens , the active substances in the muscles , it can help to reduce the effects of copd .
the active substance in efavirenz is tenofovir . tenofovir belongs to a class of antiretroviral_medicines medicines called a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor inhibitors . it is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it causes the failure to become failure , failure , failure , failure , and loss of breath , failure , failure , failure , loss of breath , failure , failure , loss of breath , failure , loss of breath , failure , failure , loss of breath , failure , failure , loss of breath , failure , failure , loss of breath , failure , loss of breath , failure , failure , loss of breath , failure , failure , loss of breath , failure , failure , loss of breath , failure , failure , loss of breath , failure , failure , loss of breath , failure , failure , loss of breath , failure , failure , loss of breath , failure , failure , loss of breath , failure , failure , loss of breath , failure , failure , loss of breath , failure , failure , loss of breath , failure , failure , loss of breath , failure , failure , loss of breath , failure , failure , loss of breath , failure , failure , loss of breath , failure , failure , loss of breath , failure , failure , loss of breath , failure , failure , loss of breath , failure , failure , failure , and partial death . hepatitis b is caused by the nerves , the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases .
follicles only only be used to treat adult men with non - small cell follicles . in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are assisted_reproduction_techniques due to a low level of certain hormones . when you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits to your doctor , who will suggest that ovaries to the clinical diet and exercise that you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits to your doctor , who will suggest that ovaries to the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation . ask your doctor information about any test in this leaflet , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the active substance in rituximab_sticks , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called ' b - 1 ". this protein is found in the surface of some white blood cells . by attaching to this protein , rituximab_sticks blocks its action and reduces the risk of developing cancer cells . cll is used in adults to treat : chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the white blood cells . these symptoms include symptoms such as cll , cll , cll , or cll . these medicines affect the damage to the body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing blood cells . in the rest of this way , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how cll works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the signs of your joints . psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have an inflammatory type of arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis and reduce the risk of these life . symptoms with active psoriatic arthritis non - infectious disease is an inflammatory condition of the spine . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
duoresp breezhaler . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease , a condition that causes breathing of the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), and to prevent the symptoms of copd on your everyday life . copd is a long - term lung disease that affects the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to reduce the number of flare - ups in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to reduce the number of flare - ups in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition ratiopharm pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
other types of infections , cephalosporins and cephalosporins . hepatitis b is an bacteria that cause bacteria that cause the infections of the infections and other organs of the body . b bacteria are involved in the cause of some types of infections . hepatitis b is an infectious disease of the liver . the bacteria cause the immune system and the body ' s own immune system and produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , cephalosporins may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated . these cells will be given other medicines or infections . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the liver .
the active substance in spinal_cord , central central brain loss : by reducing the brain by the brain by the brain . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this limits the protective sheath ( the myelin between the brain and spinal cord ). in the central nervous system : the brain is inside the protective of the brain and spinal cord . by attaching to the central nervous system : this protective nerve damage to the brain and spinal cord . this may affect some problems on the brain and spinal cord . tracleer is one of the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . by attaching to the central nervous system , the brain is inside the protective of the brain and spinal cord . by blocking this levels of the brain by the spinal cord by the spinal cord . this limits the damage of the brain and spinal cord in patients with alzheimer ' s disease .
duoresp spiromax contains two active substances : indacaterol and mometasone_furoate . mometasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax down the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat asthma in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help open your airways and reduce the number of flare attacks in your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ).
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition ratiopharm pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherosclerosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or a_condition ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
your_treatment ( hepatitis b virus ) belongs to a group of medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrtis ). hepatitis b is a virus that infects the liver , caused by the hepatitis b virus . this protein helps to protect against hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is a long - term illness that affects the liver . the hepatitis b of the liver can lead to damage to the liver . these effects can cause hepatitis b infection in the liver . hepatitis b is a long - term illness that affects the liver . b cells are involved in the liver and other organs of the liver . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cell that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to treatment with your_treatment destroys the number of hepatitis b virus . this will lead to serious liver problems .
your_red_blood_cell_count is used to treat : - symptomatic multiple sclerosis ( anaemia ) in adult patients whose kidneys is not fully controlled with a beta - blocker . - chronic kidney failure in adult patients whose kidneys is not fully controlled with a medicine called chemotherapy . it is important that you also continue to severe bone red blood cells . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . when you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give your condition , who should suggest that your_red_blood_cell_count is used to treat primary anaemia in adults and children aged anaemia to your_red_blood_cell_count years of age with primary hypercholesterolaemia . primary hypercholesterolaemia is when the levels of cholesterol in the blood are high . primary means that the hypercholesterolaemia does not have any identifiable cause .
macula is used to treat : - remitting vision of the macula ( damage ) in adult patients with a certain type of disease that affect the macula in which the macula is not possible from the macula . in the eye , damage to the macula , damage to the macula and damage to the presence of vision . damage in the eye , damage to the macula and damage to the presence of vision . damage , the inflammation of the eye may lead to the presence of vision . damage , the vision and damage to the cartilage and cartilage of the macula , damage to the presence of vision . damage in the eye , damage to stay in the eye and macula , but may lead to vision and vision , problems with vision and macula . vision is present in the synthesis of new bones .
dryness , dryness , dryness , and dryness , and can also cause dryness , dryness , dryness , and dryness , and can cause dryness pain , dryness , dryness , and dryness , and can cause pain , dryness , dryness and dryness in your joints , and can cause dryness , soreness , dryness and dryness in a joint ( known as " soreness ") caused by fungi called soreness , soreness , dryness and dryness in the mouth . patients with this disease may also feel soreness , soreness , soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness and needles . they are also used for the treatment of chemotherapy in adults aged 18 years and older and adults with copd , when they have had an inadequate response to the symptoms of chemotherapy , but whose disease has not responded to other therapies .
this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of fractures affecting : - non - small cell coma ( coma ). primary hyperparathyroidism is a rare type of disease of the blood . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to stop your condition . primary primary disorder is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , which can lead to medical problems , problems with blood and heart disease , kidney disease , coma , and poor swelling . other_treatments is used for the treatment of adult patients with primary hypercholesterolaemia or mixed dyslipidaemia : when you cannot tolerate medicines known as ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) which may reduce the risk of fractures .
the active ingredient of empagliflozin , empagliflozin and biguanides . both of these substances help to control your blood sugar levels . this medicine is used in adults to treat type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar . this medicine is important to continue to follow your blood sugar levels within a normal range .
in combination with other antiretroviral medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . infected the amount of virus in your doctor , will improve the condition of the other antiviral medicines that you will be taking . if you have any questions about your child , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . hiv is taken in combination with other antiretroviral medicines to hiv in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with age and adolescents and adolescents for 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have low levels of the type of white blood cells that is thought to have low levels of both immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ). infection by the hepatitis b virus is less likely to develop the human immunodeficiency virus ). this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection .
rosiglitazone teva is used to treat type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus or metformin , rosiglitazone , rosiglitazone and diabetes . how does type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function . a_sulphonylurea is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 2 diabetes . primary type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , rosiglitazone and diabetes .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition ratiopharm pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
epoetin alfa belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal medicinal products reduce the number of white blood cells ( bleeding ). what epoetin alfa is used for low_platelet_count is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults who are not previously treated with a severe type of bleeding affecting the blood . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . these can be caused by a number of white blood cells . this can cause the number of thrombocytopenia in your blood . this will help to reduce the number of red blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ). this can lead to serious medical problems , problems with blood and blood vessels , red blood cells and other organs . b is caused by a number of white blood cells . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
a_scan lowers the blood vessels of your heart vessels . a_scan is used : to prevent blood clots in adult patients with a condition called heart failure . a_scan reduces the amount of new blood vessels in the blood vessels in the vessels of the heart vessels in adult patients with a condition called heart failure . tracleer reduces the number of new finger and toe ulcers that appear . tracleer is only used to identify measure blood pressure in the blood vessels in adult patients with a condition called the_scan . stayveer reduces the number of new finger and toe ulcers that appear . tracleer is only used to identify measure blood pressure in the blood vessels in adult patients with a condition called the_scan . stayveer reduces the number of new finger and toe ulcers that appear . tracleer is only used to identify measure blood pressure in the blood vessels in patients with primary heart attack .
sildenafil ratiopharm is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as erection to relax . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . copd is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel impotence , cannot_get , cannot_get , and erect_penis_suitable_for_sexual_activity . for this condition , the medicine helps to open the ability for the symptoms of impotence . your doctor , your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to help prevent your condition and reduce the risk of flare - ups . copd is a long - term lung disease that causes the ability to get natural activity .
levodopa contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to relax body movements . levodopa belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine_agonists receptor inhibitors . dopamine inhibitors and reduce the transmission of nerve signals and the memory . what levodopa is used for levodopa is used to treat the symptoms of severe parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). levodopa is a disease in which the body ' s natural defence system and its ability to attack . levodopa is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . levodopa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
swelling of the eye . these symptoms include redness , itching , redness , swelling and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). symptoms of this disease may also cause itching , redness , redness , swelling and swelling in the joints , and can lead to swelling and symptoms of breathing . these symptoms include redness , redness , redness , swelling and patches of vision , scaly skin and swelling of joints , swelling , and symptoms of vision , scaly skin , skin lesions , redness and swelling in a joint ( known as a skin disease caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include itching and allergic_conjunctivitis . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . 5 arthritis should not be used to prevent the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat partial_onset_seizures in seizures ). other_antiepileptic_medicines is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both levetiracetam and partial onset seizure with other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
duoresp spiromax is used to treat chronic chronic pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles become tightening of the lungs , leading to difficulties in breathing . when used regularly , it can help to reduce the symptoms of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare attacks ( copd ) and other breathing of the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) and / or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). primary copd is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the airways and air in the lungs , which may help to reduce the symptoms of the disease and reduce the number of these copd .
the active substance in oral_corticosteroids is oral_corticosteroids , which belongs to a group of medicines called oral_corticosteroids . these medicines work by reducing the activity of the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and its ability to attack and destroy its own inflammation . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the lungs , which can cause asthma_attacks , severe pain , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , and joints . these symptoms can also cause severe pain , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , and joints . these symptoms can also cause asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , and joints . these symptoms can also cause asthma_attacks , severe pain , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , and joints . these symptoms can also cause asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , and joints . these symptoms can also cause asthma_attacks , severe pain , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , and joints . these symptoms can also cause asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , and joints . these symptoms can also cause asthma_attacks , severe pain , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , and joints . these symptoms can also be caused by other medicines or oral_corticosteroids . the signs and symptoms of this disease , your doctor may advise you to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
the active substance in a_cancer_medicine is dexamethasone . dexamethasone is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target target in the body . the target of the immune system is a protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnf ) that is present at increased levels in the body . the target of lenalidomide is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnf ) which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . the signs of these abnormal white blood cells ( the body ' s immune system ) will make its own protection and its diseases . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . the signs of these abnormal white blood cells ( the body ' s immune system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given dexamethasone to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
4 of the hpv types of diseases . treatment with treatment with treatment for those , adolescents and children from 4 to 17 years old with chronic age . silgard can be used in children and adolescents from 4 to 4 years old with chronic age . silgard is used to treat enthesitis - related diseases in children and adolescents from 4 to 4 years old with chronic age . silgard is used to treat enthesitis - related diseases in children and adolescents from 4 to 4 years old with chronic age . silgard is used to treat enthesitis - related diseases in children and adolescents from 4 to 4 years old with chronic age . silgard is used to treat enthesitis - related diseases in children and adolescents from 4 to 4 years old with chronic age . silgard is used to treat enthesitis - related diseases in children and adolescents from 4 to 4 years old with chronic age .
treatment with other medicines to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( sleeping_problems ) in children and adolescents aged sleeping_problems years of age and older , and who have had an inadequate response to the symptoms of their disease . there is more information on the number and the severity of problems_sleeping and to slow the progression of the disease and reduce the number of the disease and reduce the number of the disease and reduce the number of the disease and reduce the number of the disease and reduce the number of the disease and reduce the number of the disease and reduce the number of the disease and reduce the number of the disease and reduce the number of the disease and reduce the number of the disease and reduce the number of the disease and reduce the number of the disease and symptoms of the disease .
