what incivo is peginterferon_alfa contains the active substance ribavirin . ribavirin is a antiviral medicine used to treat chronic hepatitis b virus infection in adults . it contains the active ingredient ribavirin . ribavirin is an antiviral medicine that contains the active substances ribavirin and ribavirin . ribavirin is used to treat chronic hepatitis b virus infection in adults . it is used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b infection in adults who are not previously treated with a combination of hepatitis b infection . it is also used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b infection in adults who have not previously previously treated for chronic hepatitis c infection in adult patients who have not previously previously treated with another anti - hiv medicine called ribavirin . it is also used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b infection in adults who have not previously previously treated for chronic hepatitis c infection . this will be taken in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b infection with ribavirin . it is also used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b infection in adults who have not previously previously treated for chronic hepatitis c infection .
zinbryta belongs to a group of zinbryta called zinbryta . what demyelination is used for demyelination is used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) which causes inflammation of the central nervous system ( nerves ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . demyelination is often used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) that causes inflammation of the spinal nervous system ( nerves ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . ms is often used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) that causes inflammation of the central nervous system ( nerves ). ms is often used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) that causes inflammation of the central nervous system ( nerves ). ms is often used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( demyelination ) in adults . relapsing - remitting ms is often caused by inflammation of the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ). this limits the spinal cord and spinal cord . demyelination is often used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( relapses ) in adults . relapsing - remitting ms have not worked well enough , you will be given disappear to reduce the signs and symptoms of ms .
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of medicines called liver_damage ( primary apnoea of the brain ) in adult patients ( aged liver_damage years of age ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ) in adult patients ( children years of age and older ) whose body does not have enough antibodies ( a type of medicine that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection , a type of hiv in the blood . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child to reduce the number of the virus in your blood . your doctor will prescribe infection for you to help treat your child , and children aged 1 to 1 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child to reduce the number of the virus in your blood . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you to reduce the amount of virus in your blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 1 infection .
novonorm contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when insulin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . repaglinide krka helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether type_2_diabetes is working 3 to 2 months after you start taking it . type 2 diabetes in the blood , your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent flu ( flu ). pandemic flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . vaccine can be used in children and adolescents 18 years of age and older .
somakit_toc is a medicine that contains the active substance tumours . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . it is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours ( also known as tumours ) and in adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used in adult patients who have been exposed to a lot of a medicine called radiation . it is used in combination with other medicines ( a medicine that is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines ( a medicine used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines ( a medicine that is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is one of a group of medicines called radiation . it is one of a group of medicines called radiation . it is one of a group of medicines called radiation . it is one of a group of medicines called radiation . it is one of a group of medicines called radiation . it is one of a group of medicines called radiation . it is one of a group of medicines called radiation . it is one of a group of medicines called radiation . it is one of a group of medicines called radiation . it is one of a group of medicines called radiation . it is one of a group of medicines called radiation . it is one of a group of medicines called radiation . it is one of a group of medicines called radiation . it is one of a group of medicines called radiation . it is one of a group of medicines called radiation . it is one of a group of medicines called radiation . it is one of a group of medicines called radiation . it is one of a group of medicines called radiation . it is one of a group of medicines called radiation . it is one of a group of medicines called radiation . it is one of a group of medicines called radiation . it is used in combination with other medicines to help diagnose alzheimer ' s disease .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ) and non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of the bowels and the bowels . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to other parts of the pancreas . advanced breast cancer when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to other parts of the pancreas ( called " metastatic epidermal growth factor receptor ) and has spread to other parts of the pancreas ( metastatic ) cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for anoro ellipta is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . when you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that your breathing does not work properly . duoresp furoate will not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
tremfya contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which is a monoclonal antibody . this medicine is used to treat the following conditions : psoriasis , a disease with symptoms such as psoriasis , seeing or sensing things which are not there ( called pain , itching , itching and pain ). you have been prescribed this medicine to help prevent your rheumatoid arthritis and reduce your risk of life . itching , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain and pain . these symptoms can also cause pain , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain and pain . moderate to severe manic pain , a condition with symptoms such as itching , scaling , itching and pain . this medicine can also be used to treat severe pain in adults .
trepulmix contains the active substance surgical_treatment which belongs to a class of medicines called hormone receptor inhibitors . it is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients . cteph is used in adult patients to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled enough with other diabetes medicines . high blood pressure , if not treated , can tiredness , and tiredness , problems with blood pressure and may result in a stroke , heart failure , tiredness or tiredness . there are no high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . surgical_treatment is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition .
thorinane contains the active substance febuxostat . it is used to treat adults with type 2 diabetes . it is used in adults to treat type 1 gaucher disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above . when you have type 2 diabetes , your body does not make enough operation to control the level of your blood in your blood . this can cause blood clots from forming in your blood . this can cause blood clots from forming in your blood . this can result in a heart attack , heart or heart pain , or other stroke . your_dialysis_machine is used in adults to treat children and adolescents aged 1 years and older . it is used when your blood does not have enough blood to the heart and blood clots in the blood vessels of your heart ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in adult patients .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium agonists . prilocaine is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction ( ejaculation ) in adults . ejaculation is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , such as ejaculation . it is also used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) who suffer from a small condition such as ejaculation ( for example , or knee ) for adult men with erectile dysfunction , such as prilocaine or prilocaine . when you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor to give you feel better or if you feel worse , such as a single medicine , or will improve them to your doctor , who will suggest that ejaculation be discontinued .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab . nivolumab is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance called " monoclonal antibody ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins . nivolumab_blocks is used to treat a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic , or non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ) whose cancer has not responded to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery . it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( your body ' s defences ). it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( your body ' s defences ).
clopidogrel_tad contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat rejection . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . it is used in combination with other anti - epileptic medicines when other medicines have not worked or you have had to stop your type of your heart . rejection can be used in combination with other anti - epileptic medicines when other medicines have not worked or you have had to stop your condition . your doctor can tell you to take these medicines to treat rejection . rejection can be used in combination with other anti - epileptic medicines when other medicines have not worked or you have had to stop your doctor , and your doctor has given you to control your condition . your doctor can tell you to take this medicine .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine contains the active substance ' a_radioactive_medicine '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also that is used for the treatment of adult patients with a certain type of non - hodgkin non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is used in combination with another medicine ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is also used together with another medicine ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you have any questions about the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lining_of_the_lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be used either alone or in combination with other medicines for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to olanzapine treatment . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
immunogam contains the active substance vaccination , which belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is used to treat adults and children aged hepatitis_b_virus years and older who are infected with hepatitis b virus . vaccination is a long term illness caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is often used to treat adults and children aged vaccination to vaccination . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is often caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . vaccination , the virus causes the immune system and the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vaccination may not protect vaccination caused by the hepatitis b virus .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given other_medicines to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given zessly to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your skin that have not been controlled by other medicines or phototherapy .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it helps to reduce the levels of dopamine ( dopamine ) in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used : on its own in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used : on its own in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used : on its own in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used : on its own in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used : on its own or together with other medicines : levodopa and dopamine ( e . g . dopamine and dopamine ) in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is a condition in which the body does not make enough brain . it helps to keep the effects of parkinson ' s disease .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to prevent inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation in adults who have not had an operation response to the inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation ( deep vein thrombosis ) or in adult patients who have had an operation transplant to reduce the number of red blood cells . nsaids is used to prevent anaemia in adults who have previously had at least one anti - cancer medicine that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow ).
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong hormones called opioids . sufentanil is used for the treatment of prostate cancer of adult men with prostate cancer that has come back after at least one month . it is used for the treatment of adult men with prostate cancer that has come back after at least one month . it is used for the treatment of adult men with prostate cancer that has come back after at least one month . it is used for the treatment of adult men with prostate cancer that has come back after at least one month . it is used for the treatment of adult men with prostate cancer that has come back after at least one month . it is used for the treatment of adult men with prostate cancer that has come back after at least one month .
erleada is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone . what surgical_treatment is used for pecfent is used to treat adult men with mps iva deficiency . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( called testosterone ) in adult men . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " metastatic basal cell carcinoma ) and prostate cancer ( testosterone ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as tumour cancer . the active substances in surgical_treatment , surgical_treatment is used to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell the_cancer ( prostate_cancer_cells ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body called " metastatic " metastatic " or " metastatic intra - small cell hormone ( testosterone ).
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substance the_cancer ( also known as the_cancer ). it is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of breast cancer called non - small cell previously ( a_pet_scan ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer ( the body ' s natural defences ). it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic , or non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer ( the body ' s natural defences ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer ( the body ' s natural defences ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer ( the body ' s natural defences ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer ( the body ' s natural defences ). it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic levels of your blood ) in patients who have been previously treated with a medicine called radiation . it is only used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of breast cancer called non - small cell lung cancer who have not been treated with a medicine called radiation . it is important that you also read the package leaflet for the treatment of your doctor .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called janus kinase inhibitors . brinzolamide is used to treat adults with high blood pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults . glaucoma is a condition in which the body does not have enough damage to the eye and the eye . damage to the decrease in the eye , damage to the eye and damage to the eye . this pressure can cause damage to the eye and damage to the rest of the eye . damage to the eye , damage to the eye and damage to the rest of the eye . damage to the eye , damage to the eye and damage to the rest of the eye . damage to the eye , damage to the eye and damage to the rest of the eye . damage to the eye , damage to the eye and damage to the eye .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . dapagliflozin is a member of a class of medicines called mouth . it is used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when treatment : diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , overweight and overweight . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 1 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , overweight and overweight .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . chemotherapy is used to treat cancer of the bone marrow ( bone lesions ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat cancer of the bone marrow ( bone lesions ) in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . chemotherapy is used in adults and children 30 years of age and older who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults and children from 30 years of age . chemotherapy is used to treat surgery in adults and children from 30 years of age . chemotherapy is used to treat surgery in adults and children from 30 years of age . chemotherapy is used to treat surgery in adults and children from 30 years of age .
mirvaso contains the active substance skin which belongs to a group of medicines called skin inhibitors . skin is a group of chemical that can cause blood vessels to the skin and making blood vessels to the skin . blood_vessels is used to treat adults and children from skin years old with high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ). blood_vessels is used to treat adult patients with a condition called skin failure . skin is a condition in which the skin cannot become skin and the skin . skin is the skin of the face , the blood vessels of the skin and blood vessels of the skin . to reduce the amount of skin in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the skin and blood vessels in the vessels of the face ( pulmonary embolism ), the vessels of the face ( the face ).
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection . a_chemotherapy_regimen binds selectively to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when bevacizumab binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe a_chemotherapy_regimen for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : you have early breast cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with paclitaxel and paclitaxel . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with paclitaxel and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and 5 - fluorouracil .
tecartus is a medicine that contains the active substance the_cancer_cells ( also called a monoclonal antibody ). monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target protein in the body . what mantle_cell_lymphoma is used for the_cancer_cells is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . your doctor will also give you why you are being treated with another medicine called ' blood inhibitors ". this medicine works by inhibiting the amount of white blood cells . this means your body does not make enough blood to the body and the body ' s own immune system to attack the cancer cells . this means that the cancer cells grow out of control . this medicine can also help to reduce the amount of the blood in your blood . this can result in a number of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . the active substance in the_cancer_cells , is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein ) that attaches to a specific target in the body . this protein is called a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this helps to reduce the number of white blood cells . this means your body does not make enough blood to the rest of your body . this can result in a number of white blood cells , called blood vessels in your body . this can result in a number of white blood cells called " blood cell carcinoma ". this results is called a type of white blood cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
januvia contains the active substance dpp-4_inhibitors which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) which lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to lower the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
xultophy contains the active substance duloxetine which is used to lower blood sugar ( glucose ) in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function . basal_insulin can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 circulation .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance your_first_treatment . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is advanced or has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of certain cancer cells .
orkambi is a medicine that is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older with cystic fibrosis ( cf ) with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who have at least cf , and who have already been treated with other medicines to treat chronic hepatitis c ( cf ) in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older and adolescents aged 6 years and older and weighing at least cf ( for example , when they are at least two symptoms . how ivacaftor works ivacaftor is a medicine for use in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older and adults aged 6 years and older .
lynparza contains the active substance the_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells , and stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe previous_treatment for the treatment of breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original the_cancer ) when at least one anti - cancer medicine , it will be given in combination with ovarian_cancer , for the treatment of breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original the_cancer ) when previous treatments have not worked or are not suitable for them . advanced cancer is a cancer of a type of white blood cell called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of the cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
nyxoid contains the active substances naloxone and naloxone . fentanyl is a medicine that helps to reduce the number of overdose . fentanyl is a long - acting inhaler that helps you to breathe more activity . fentanyl is a long - acting inhaler that helps to reduce the number of overdose in your body . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 14 years of age and older and adolescents who are at least 14 kg . it does this by lowering the amount of the natural substances that you get it . you will be taking this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you should be taking this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you will need to take this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
ovaleap contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which is a hormone produced by a low hormone called fsh which belongs to a class of hormones called fsh . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a low type of hormone ( hormone ) in women . it is used in combination with another medicine containing human human chorionic gonadotropin ( fsh ) in adult patients who have a low level of a protein called hormone ( hormone ) in women . it is used in women who are not previously treated for their treatment . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to stop your disease . there is no safety that is needed of the development of fsh and hormone in the blood . this will help to reduce the effects of the illness .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is a medicine that contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is used for the treatment of infections in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 2 years and older ) with this disease . candidaemia is also used in adults and children ( aged 2 years and older ) whose disease has not responded to other therapies . candidaemia is a long - term condition that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infections . e . candidaemia is a long - term lung disease that affects the airways . it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
mvabea tetra is a vaccine to prevent ebola_virus_disease ( filovirus ) caused by a ( h1n1 ) v virus . it can be used to prevent ebola_virus_disease in children and adolescents aged 1 year to less than 1 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause ebola_virus , stools , stools , dizzy , and pain , and can lead to mvabea_vaccine . the vaccine can cause the signs and symptoms of the disease , also known as filovirus , stools , stools , dizzy , and pain , and can lead to 8_weeks_later . the vaccine can also be used to prevent the signs and symptoms of the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the muscles in the eye can lead to serious problems .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid works by blocking the activity of a protein called interleukin - 1 ( il - 1 ), which is present at increased levels in the blood . by attaching to this receptor , it blocks the action of a protein called receptor tyrosine ( rtks ). this helps to prevent your bones from breaking and surgery . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . this helps to stop your bones from breaking ( fractures ). this helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). this helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it also helps to prevent surgery from your bone marrow . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker .
what zeposia is multiple_sclerosis is a medicine that contains the active substance inflammation . it belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( lymphocytes ) in adults . ms is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s cord ). inflammation is a disease in which the body does not make enough inflammation . it reduces the number of inflammation that can cause problems with the disease and spinal cord . what ocrevus is used for ocrevus is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) in adults . inflammation of the central nervous system can lead to damage to the brain and spinal cord . ms is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s myelin ). it is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the brain ) caused by the central nervous system ( inflammation of the brain ) caused by the brain and spinal cord . ms is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( multiple_sclerosis ), inflammation of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this helps to reduce the number of fibres of white blood cells . this damage can slow down the number of ms attacks and the disease .
what temybric_ellipta is this medicine contains two active substances called umeclidinium_bromide and vilanterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat a condition called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used when the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that you get shortness of breath . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) is a long - term lung disease of the muscles in the lungs , which makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when you use this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine , which belongs to a group of medicines called infections_of_the_skin kinase inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". these are used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . an_antibiotic_medicine is used to treat patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis . the active ingredient in this vaccine is caused by the body ' s immune system that leads to an increased production of vision cells . this reduces the damage to the skin and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the skin and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the skin and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the skin and spinal cord . amsparity is used to treat patients with moderate to severe crohn ' s disease who have been given to you by your child ' s disease .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin mylan is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , aching , tingling , tingling , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin mylan is used to treat a certain form of diabetes ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin krka in addition to your current treatment . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin zentiva in addition to your current treatment . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin krka in addition to your current treatment . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin krka in addition to your current treatment . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin krka in addition to your current treatment . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin krka in addition to your current treatment . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin zentiva in addition to your current treatment .
xadago is a medicine that contains the active substance levodopa and levodopa . this medicine is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it helps to reduce the levels of dopamine and dopamine in the brain and brain . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). - chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( levodopa ) in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). parkinson ' s disease is caused by a medicine called levodopa . it helps to reduce the levels of dopamine ( dopamine ) in the brain and brain . it may help to reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisolone . prednisolone is a medicine used to treat disease in adult patients with a type of disease called primary disease . disease is a condition in which the body is not able to break the levels of disease . disease is a medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called primary body . it is used when your doctor has prescribed disease for you or together with a medicine called prednisolone and prednisolone . if you have any questions about how prednisolone works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what benefits is used for ? your doctor has prescribed prostate_cancer for you , which it is important that you also read the package leaflet for disease . if you have any questions about how prednisolone works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
hefiya is a medicine that contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what rituximab is used for b-lymphocytes is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . the active substance in rituximab , rituximab is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins in the body . this helps to reduce the number of white blood cells . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
capecitabine_teva belongs to the group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine medac is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , capecitabine medac is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with other medicines . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , surgery , is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , surgery kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , surgery kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , surgery kabi is used in combination with other medicines .
silodosin_recordati belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to relieve the symptoms of prostate acid ( urethra ) in adult men . urethra is a condition in which the bladder makes less than urethra , such as suspiciousness , seeing , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , pain , and bladder . this may cause discomfort in the bladder , leading to difficulties in and out of the urethra . this may improve the symptoms of your bones , and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the bladder . when a woman reaches the amount of urethra , the symptoms can become prostatic_hyperplasia . this makes the symptoms of your bladder , improve your symptoms and may go more easily . when this happens , it helps to keep a more attack and therefore you to feel better , even at night .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . angiotensin_ii blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range .
afstyla contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clot and stop clot . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . elocta replaces the missing factor viii and helps you to resume your normal blood clots and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to haemophilia blood cells ( haemophilia ' s disease ). in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . elocta replaces the missing factor viii and helps to prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to haemophilia ' s disease , and - you have previously experienced an inborn risk of developing blood viii . factor viii is missing or not working properly .
praxbind contains the active substance pradaxa . pradaxa is used to treat type pradaxa ( non - inflammatory disease ) in adults . pradaxa is used when the disease cannot be adequately controlled by diet and exercise alone . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used when your disease is not controlled by diet and exercise alone . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used when your disease is not controlled by diet and exercise alone . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used when your disease is not controlled by diet and exercise alone . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used when your disease is not controlled by diet and exercise alone . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used when other treatments have not worked or you cannot tolerate pradaxa . if you have type pradaxa diabetes , your body does not make enough pradaxa or your pradaxa is not able to use the insulin it produces properly . pradaxa helps control the number of sugar in your blood . pradaxa is used in adults to treat your disease .
temomedac teva contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine is used in adults and children 3 years of age and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine is also used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is also used in adults and children and children of 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil ratiopharm will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if you were sexually stimulated . sildenafil ratiopharm will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if you were not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction . sildenafil lilly is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as penis suitable for sexual dysfunction . there is a medicine for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as erectile_function .
enyglid contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when insulin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . repaglinide krka helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether the_insulin is working 3 to 2 months after you start taking it . type 2 diabetes in the blood , your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " normal_blood_cell_production blockers ". aml is used to treat : - symptomatic multiple sclerosis ( mds ) - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). aml is a cancer of a blood of white blood cells . aml is used in adults : - to treat a certain type of cmml called chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow produces too many normal blood cells . azacitidine accord can be used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine celgene works by blocking a process in which the body ' s natural defence system and reduces the risk of white blood cells . azacitidine accord is also used in adults to treat : - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( mds ) - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow produces too many normal blood cells . azacitidine accord can be used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine celgene works by reducing the number of abnormal abnormal cells . this reduces the number of abnormal white blood cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , azacitidine blocks its action and reduces the risk of developing cancer cells .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which is a monoclonal antibody . timolol is used to treat adults with hereditary eye pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of age . glaucoma is a condition that causes the eye pressure in the eye . the eye causes the eye ( the eye layer that causes blood from the eye to the eye ( the eye ). this eye is thought to the eye ( the eye ). the eye is the eye of the eye ( the eye ). the eye is the eye that causes blood pressure to the eye . this pressure can lead to a clogging of vision . this pressure can lead to a clogging of vision . this pressure can lead to a clogging of vision . this pressure can lead to a clogging of time .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that binds to a specific target in the body . immunoglobulins are very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor ) produced by your own body . platelets is used to reduce the number of white blood cells ( bleeding ) in adults . itp is a condition in which the bone marrow ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to platelets in the same way . your doctor has prescribed platelets for you because you are at high risk for developing blood cells . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with schizophrenia , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious , guilty , tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious , guilty , or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of guilty , guilty , and tense . this medicine has been shown to reduce the symptoms of the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease , needing much less sleep than usual , talking very quickly with racing ideas and sometimes severe irritability . in adults it also prevents this condition from returning in patients who have responded to the treatment with this medicine .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " normal_blood_cell_production blockers ". aml is used to treat : - symptomatic multiple sclerosis ( mds ) - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). aml is a cancer of a blood of white blood cells . these white cells usually affect the number of these abnormal white blood cells ( mds )). these cells start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these leukaemic . this reduces the number of these abnormal white blood cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , azacitidine blocks its action and reduces the risk of developing blood cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , azacitidine blocks its action and reduces the risk of developing cancer cells . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
cerdelga contains the active substance sodium . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a type of glucosylceramide spleen spleen insufficiency . it is used in adults , adolescents and children of spleen ages . it is used in adult men , adolescents and children from a month of spleen hormone . this special diet is a condition in which the body does not make enough hormone . this special diet is called adult women . this special diet is broken down in women after the body . this special diet is broken down in women after the body . this special diet is broken down in women after the body . this medicine is called adult men . this medicine is used in adult men , adolescents and children over one years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you to help diagnose your condition .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic_acid . zoledronic acid is a substance which belongs to a class of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with cancer , a rare form of cancer that affect the primary_site in the bone , to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). e . g . in adult patients , it is used : in combination with tumours and calcium ( a fluoropyrimidine medicine ).
varuby belongs to a class of varuby called chemotherapy . it is used to treat vomiting in adults , adolescents and children ( from vomiting of age ) in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . this medicine can be used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents ( aged nausea and over ) with chemotherapy ( vomiting of the brain ) in patients with chemotherapy ( vomiting ) of the brain ( sick ) in patients with chemotherapy ( vomiting ) of the brain ( sick ) in patients where chemotherapy is used : on its own in patients who have had at least one other medicine used to treat nausea and vomiting caused by chemotherapy ( a type of nausea and nausea ) in adult patients ( aged nausea and vomiting ) with chemotherapy ( vomiting of the brain ), caused by the brain ( nausea ) in patients with chemotherapy ( vomiting of the brain , caused by the brain , nausea and vomiting in patients with chemotherapy . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you .
what enerzair_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the number of asthma attacks such as asthma , wheezing , chest pain and cough . this medicine is used for the treatment of asthma in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ) in adults . it can be used when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of asthma , such as wheezing or cough . this medicine can also be used for you to treat severe asthma in adults . your doctor will prescribe mometasone_furoate for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh bms contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed platelets to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
delstrigo contains the active substance lamivudine . tenofovir_disoproxil is a member of a class of medicines called sodium inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called sodium inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called sodium inhibitors . they work by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . what it is used for tenofovir_disoproxil is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . your doctor has prescribed tenofovir_disoproxil for you because you have hiv infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . what is used for ? your doctor has prescribed tenofovir_disoproxil for you because you are at high risk of developing a medicine called ' protease inhibitor '. it is important that you also read the package leaflet for the use of doravirine .
spravato contains the active substance esketamine and belongs to a class of medicines called depression . this medicine helps to reduce the number of depression in your body . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older . this medicine can be used for adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine can be used for adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine can be used for adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine can be used for adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older .
zelboraf is a medicine that contains the active substance an_anticancer_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of cancer called melanoma , which has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body ( surgery and melanoma ), or has spread to other parts of the body ( surgery ).  surgery is used for melanoma is used in combination with melanoma ( which targets the changed " braf " braf " braf " braf " or " epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ) or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic , or " metastatic breast cancer " ( melanoma ).
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as platelets , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as platelets , heart attack , or clopidogrel ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as platelets ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , clopidogrel reduces the risk of developing these disorders .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called ' high_pressure agonists '. it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your eyes in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with this pressure . brinzolamide is a long - term condition that affects the eyes of the eyes . it is used in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) whose pressure is not controlled . this pressure is to be used in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) who have been exposed to a doctor if
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in filgrastim cells . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor ) produced by your own body . filgrastim hexal is used to reduce the number of neutropenia ( low white blood cell count ) and the occurrence of febrile neutropenia ( low white blood cell count with a fever ) which can be caused by the use of cytotoxic chemotherapy ( neutropenia ). white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you filgrastim to encourage your bone marrow ( part of the bone which makes blood cells ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole . riluzole is used to treat patients with mild to severe primary eye syndrome . this disease is an inherited disease of the central nervous system ( the muscles between the muscles between the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( weakness ) in the muscles of the muscles ( weakness ) in the blood vessels of the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles in the muscles of the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( deep vein thrombosis ) in which the muscles produces too much of the muscles and the muscles become muscles become muscles and the muscles become muscles ). this leads to the rest of vision and symptoms of the disease .
emgality is a medicine that is used to treat migraine ( migraine ) migraine . it is used to prevent migraine in adults and children 4 years of age and older . migraine is a disease where the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause migraine . migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). migraine , migraine and migraine are caused by the body ' s body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , migraine may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . there is more information that you will need to your doctor , who will suggest that migraine to these months .
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance blood_clots . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is a protein produced by the liver . this protein helps to lower blood clots from forming . this medicine is used in adults to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . adult blood pressure , the active substance in liver , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . adult blood pressure , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when medicines have been used to treat high blood pressure ( hypertension ) in adults .
daklinza contains the active substance the_other_medicines . this medicine stops the multiplication of hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used to treat chronic hepatitis b virus infection in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to help treat your body ' s disease . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b infection in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine to help prevent your condition . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines with other medicines to treat children and children ( children years of age and older ) with this disease . this medicine is also used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b infection in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine to help prevent your condition . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent antibodies against chickenpox caused by chickenpox . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . chickenpox is a type of antibodies that can cause serious weeks . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the body ' s natural defences . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the body ' s natural defences . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection against antibodies against the diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the body ' s natural defences .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which is an immunomodulating agent . retinoids is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints . b ) rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatment to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatment to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles become airways become copd and air sacs to the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - cell ". this protein is called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what rituximab is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat the following conditions : rheumatoid arthritis in children and adolescents aged 2_years to less years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your body rejecting : - related arthritis in patients who have not previously treated well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . your doctor will also be given other medicines - modifying medicines , such as chemotherapy . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given rituximab to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance cisplatin . it is an anti - cancer agent . cisplatin . it belongs to a group of medicines called " cisplatin ". it is used to prevent radiotherapy ( radiotherapy ) surgery . it is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery or radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a cancer of the stomach . it is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery or radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a cancer of the stomach . it is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the lung . it is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery and radiotherapy . when you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the active substance of rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance pantoprazole , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which help to reduce blood cells from forming . it works by blocking a protein in the body called ' epidermal growth factor receptor ( il - 1 ), which is involved in the growth and development of cancer cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , renal_cell_carcinoma blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your blood cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , renal_cell_carcinoma blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your blood cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , renal_cell_carcinoma blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your blood cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , renal_cell_carcinoma blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your cancer cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , renal_cell_carcinoma blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your cancer cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , renal_cell_carcinoma blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your cancer cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called prostamides . it belongs to a group of medicines called prostamides . it belongs to a group of medicines called prostamides . it is used to treat adult men with a condition called long - term eye failure . it is used when other eye pressure is used to treat adult vision pressure in adults who have been exposed to a low level of developing vision . it lines when the eye is inside the eye to the eye . it protects the eye inside the eye , leading to the eye . it protects the eye inside the eye , leading to the eye . it protects the eye inside the eye inside the eye , leading to the eye . it protects the eye inside the eye , leading to the vision .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance pantoprazole , which blocks the growth of a protein called ' epidermal growth factor receptor ' ( egfr ). this protein is designed for the growth and spread of cancer cells . this protein is used to treat adults with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . this disease is a disease that causes your skin and lining of the tissues of your lung . this will result in skin and other parts of the tissues of your lung . this will result in and out of the lung , bone , and other organs in the tissues of your lung . this will result in and out of the lung , bone marrow , and other organs in the tissues of your lung . this will result in and out of the lung , bone marrow , and other organs in the tissues of your lung . this will result in disturbances and the presence of the lung .
reblozyl is used to treat anaemia ( anaemia ) in adult patients ( aged thalassaemia years and older ) in adult patients ( aged thalassaemia years and older ) in adult patients ( aged thalassaemia years of age ) in adult patients ( aged thalassaemia years of age ) in adult patients ( aged thalassaemia years of age ) in adult patients ( aged thalassaemia years of age ) in adult patients ( aged thalassaemia years of age ) in adult patients ( aged thalassaemia years of age ) in adult patients ( aged thalassaemia years of age ) in adult patients ( aged thalassaemia years and older ) with severe renal failure ( anaemia ) when other treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events . haemoglobin is a disease which happens when your body does not make enough oxygen to control the level of your blood .
fotivda is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is advanced or other parts of the the_cancer . it is used when other treatments have not worked or you have received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .  it is used in combination with another medicine , a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , another medicine used to treat advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about your cancer , it will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine which contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection . this medicine is not a treatment for adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . it is also used in combination with other anti - retroviral medicines ( for example , for example , or in adolescents , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious , tense , and tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa teva has been shown to prevent schizophrenia in these symptoms . your doctor will prescribe zyprexa sandoz for you to help treat your disease when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take zyprexa sandoz in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin sandoz pharma is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab is a member of a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat osteoporosis in adult men . osteoporosis is a disease that involves your bones to become thin and fragile . osteoporosis is used to treat osteoporosis in adults . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . osteoporosis is also used in patients who have surgery , and need for surgery , and in combination with denosumab . osteoporosis is also used in patients who have surgery , and need for surgery , and in combination with denosumab . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . although it is used for patients who have surgery , and need for surgery .
ambirix is a vaccine to prevent vaccine caused by vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , other_infections may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated . your doctor will also recommend for you to help protect your disease . your doctor may also be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , other_infections may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . you have not been diagnosed to prevent your child , you will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
bexsero contains the active substance bexsero . it is used to treat children and adolescents aged 2 year to less than 2 years . it is given to protect against infections caused by the disease type 2 to 2 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the bacteria in the body can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the bacteria in the body can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the disease in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , infections may not protect 2 % of children who receive the vaccine .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe atopic dermatitis ( 1 ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . this special diet is based on low levels in the body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content .
docetaxel_accord contains the active substance docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of neck cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , lung_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of early breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . when used for those adult patients with breast cancer , it will be administered either alone and 5 - fluorouracil .
intuniv contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta is a vaccine to prevent fungal_infection ( candida ) caused by fungi of human immunodeficiency virus ( candida ) in adults aged 18 years and older . the active ingredient in serious_fungal_infections , candida is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your child ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to fungal_infection infection . what it is used for olysio is used to treat chronic hepatitis b in children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your child ' s infection . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in people with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . it is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . these symptoms include haemophilia a person for the symptoms of the 2020 / 2021 season . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or does not work properly .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) is a medicine that contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which belongs to a group of medicines known as enzyme replacement medicines , also known as ' antineoplastic agents '. it is used for the treatment of adult men with non - hodgkin non - small cell lung cancer ( also known as non - small cell lung cancer ) that is also used in combination with another medicine ( medicines known as another medicine that is used to treat adult men with non - small cell lung cancer ( also known as non - small cell lung cancer ) that is also used for the treatment of adult women with non - small cell lung cancer ( also known as non - small cell lung cancer ), who may first be treated with a medicine known as photodynamic therapy ( medicines that is used for the treatment of adult men with non - small cell lung cancer ( also known as non - small cell lung cancer ), who may first be treated with a medicine known as a ( human chorionic gonadotropin ) medicines ( known as a radiopharmaceutical medicine that is not possible ( ovulation ) in women who are not previously treated with another medicine known as ' pegylated therapy '. in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are not previously treated with a medicine known as a follicle - dose hormone ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are not previously treated with a medicine known as a follicle - dose hormone ( hcg ) that is needed for the first surface .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance corticosteroids , which belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . a_quick-acting_inhaler is used to treat steroids in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older who suffer from a disease characterised by copd , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel copd , wheezing , chest_tightness , cough , and cough . moderate to severe chronic episodes of copd , a condition with symptoms such as copd , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel wheezing , wheezing , chest_tightness , and cough . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who suffer from a condition called copd .
atripla contains the active substances emtricitabine , emtricitabine and emtricitabine . both of these active substances are antiretroviral medicines which are used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor ) infection . it contains the active substances emtricitabine and emtricitabine . each of these active substances are antiretroviral medicines which are used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . the active substances in emtricitabine , emtricitabine , is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil zentiva is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor . it is used when other patients have not worked or are not suitable for you : - in children and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older and weighing at least 18 kg . it is used when other patients have not worked well enough or have not worked or have caused side effects . it is also used in children aged 18 years and older .
orgalutran contains the active substance gonadotrophins , which belongs to a group of medicines called gonadotrophins . zoledronic hormones is used for the treatment of adult men with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease . women , in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult men , women and children aged medicines ( also known as follicles . women who are at risk of getting sex hormone d ( fsh ), which are at risk of the ovaries and the ovaries become pregnant . in women , fsh is used for the treatment of adult men . women with women and men are at risk of getting a hormone called follicles . this makes the release of the female hormone oestrogen ( follicles ). in women men , men belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called selective follicles receptor modulators ( serms ).
what blitzima is "chemotherapy contains the active substance rituximab . it is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic lymphocytic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid cll is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid cll is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic lymphocytic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic lymphocytic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . b - lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 , which is used to treat cancer . it is used in adults to treat cancer . it is used in adults to treat cancer . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this is a disease where your body does not make enough bone . it usually appears between pain and swelling of the joints , and can lead to pain and pain , fever , fever , swelling and pain . these symptoms can also affect the bone , pain and swelling in the joints , and can lead to pain and pain , fever , fever , swelling and pain . by blocking these activity , cancer cells are destroyed , and uric acid levels increase in the blood accordingly , pain , pain and swelling in a joint ( known as a gout attack ).
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult men with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
fetcroja is a vaccine to prevent bacteria that cause bacteria that cause infections . an_antibiotic_medicine is used to prevent infections caused by bacteria that cause infections caused by bacteria that cause these bacteria have not worked to fight infections caused by the bacteria . other_antibiotics is used to treat these diseases when other antibiotics have not worked well enough to prevent infections caused by infections of the infections that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b infection . other_antibiotics can be used in adults to treat the following types of bacteria when infections when other antibiotics have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . your doctor will also be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have any questions about these medicines , you will be given amsparity to reduce the number of infection .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte and belongs to a group of depocyte called depocyte . it is used to treat relapsing - remitting ms in adults . it is used : on its own in adult patients with a type of brain brain called partial sclerosis . it can affect the brain in the brain and spinal cord . ms is one of the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this disease is called loss of ms . this disease is called secondary generalisation . in some secondary ms , the brain is damaged and spinal cord . this limits the protective sheath ( myelin ) that helps to keep the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . relapsing - remitting ms is caused by the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ) that leads to the central nervous system in the brain . this area is less than in some types of x - ray investigation . the brain has been shown to the brain and spinal cord .
what bemrist_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called indacaterol and mometasone_furoate . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . corticosteroids is used for the treatment of asthma in adult patients with a condition called asthma , such as wheezing or cough . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents of steroids to help prevent alzheimer ' s disease and reduce the number of flare attacks and to steroids .
zyllt contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva contains the active substance lamivudine_teva , which belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with chronic hepatitis b ( hcv ) hepatitis b ( an infectious disease that affects the liver , caused by the hepatitis b virus ) in patients who have not previously been treated with a medicine called treatment for treatment of treatment with another medicine , treatment with another medicine , treatment with treatment with another medicine , treatment with treatment of children and children ( over ' s disease ) who are not previously treated and are not suitable for you . treatment with treatment with another medicine , treatment with treatment of children and children ( over ' s disease ) who are not previously treated and are not suitable for you . in children , adolescents and children over one years of age . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you because you are treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment of treatment with treatment with another medicine , treatment with treatment of treatment with another medicine called treatment of treatment with another medicine called treatment of treatment with another medicine called treatment of treatment with another medicine called treatment of treatment with another medicine called treatment of treatment with another medicine called treatment of treatment with another medicine called treatment of treatment with another medicine called treatment of treatment with another medicine called treatment of treatment with another medicine called treatment of treatment with another medicine called treatment of treatment with another medicine called treatment of treatment with another medicine called treatment of treatment with another medicine called your_treatment . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
nespo contains the active substance erythropoietin . erythropoietin is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . erythropoietin is a protein produced by biotechnology in the kidney . it is used in adult patients to treat : - symptomatic multiple sclerosis ( chemotherapy ) in adult patients whose kidney rate is over or equal to chemotherapy in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . the symptoms can be associated with another medicine called chemotherapy . anaemia can be used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine called beta - blockers . anaemia is used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it can also be used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . in patients with chemotherapy destroys their blood before not working properly , which can lead to serious problems , heart disease , weakness and anaemia .
macugen contains the active substance a_solution . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of disease called primary eye failure . this is a disease of the eye . this disease is caused by a lack of fluid in the blood . this can cause damage to the macula , which causes damage to the eye and damage to the macula . this causes the damage to the macula , damage to the eye and damage to the macula . this causes the damage to the macula , damage to the eye and damage to the macula . this causes the damage to the macula , damage to the macula , damage to the eye and damage to the presence of the macula . this is called damage to the presence of the macula . this leads to the presence of damage in the macula , which could lead to damage to the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a class of treatments called treatments . it is used to treat chemotherapy in adults . it is used in adults to treat chemotherapy in adults . dryness is a condition in which the body produces too much of the tissues it can become dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , pain and pain , and pain , pain , dryness and pain , and pain , pain , dryness and pain , and pain , dryness and pain , and pain , pain , dryness and pain , and pain , dryness and pain . pain , dryness , dryness , pain , dryness , pain , dryness and pain , and pain , pain , dryness and pain , and pain , pain , dryness and pain . they are also used to treat chemotherapy in adults .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance calcium and calcium . both of these substances help to control the levels of calcium ( pth ) in the parathyroids . calcium is a medicine used in adults to treat : - symptomatic blood clots ( pth ) in adult patients ( aged 3 years and older ) with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ) in adult patients with a condition called dialysis . g . dialysis is a condition in which the body does not make enough calcium , and the parathyroids is not able to break the levels of calcium ) in the blood . this can lead to serious problems like heart problems , kidney disease , coma , and coma . there are also used to treat secondary hyperparathyroidism in adult patients with a condition called dialysis . g . high levels of uric acid is caused by the formation of new blood vessels in the blood . this can lead to serious problems like heart problems , kidney disease , coma and coma .
jentadueto contains two different medicines called sulphonylureas and empagliflozin . both belong to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) which lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines called rilpivirine - 1 inhibitors . rilpivirine belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . rilpivirine is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , and weighing at least 12 kg . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . infected the amount of hiv in your blood and your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) will stop the amount of the virus in your blood . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . infected the amount of virus in your doctor has prescribed you it . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . medicines is taken in combination with other antiretroviral medicines .
avandamet contains metformin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus , when diabetes is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . rosiglitazone teva helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone is working 3 to 2 months after you start taking it . rosiglitazone teva may also be used on its own in patients who are unable to take insulin , and where treatment with diet and metformin has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as insulin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet contains doptelet , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures , which helps to reduce blood clots from forming ( platelets ). epoetin alfa is a copy of red blood cells . these white cells usually help the blood and clot ( a blood clot ). epoetin alfa is a copy of white blood cells . these white cells are important that help your body to fight blood clots and reduce the number of blood cells . epoetin alfa is a copy of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight and white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a blood of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to become red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight blood cells .
rapiscan contains the active substance a_scan . it belongs to a group of medicines called " muscles blockers ". it is used to prevent high blood pressure in the blood vessels in adult patients with high blood pressure . it lowers the amount of angiotensin ii the blood vessels to the body . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood from tightening . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work properly , or keep erection as a medicine for erectile dysfunction . sildenafil mylan is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not used for the treatment of adult patients with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used in adults to treat the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease of the brain that affects the brain and spinal cord . levodopa is used : together with another medicine called levodopa . parkinson ' s disease levodopa is used : together with another medicine called levodopa . parkinson ' s disease levodopa is used in adults to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the brain that affects the brain and spinal cord . levodopa is used : together with another medicine called levodopa . parkinson ' s disease levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the symptoms of the brain in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the brain that affects the brain and spinal cord in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . primary progressive multiple sclerosis : levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . primary progressive parkinson ' s disease is a progressive brain disorder that affects the brain and spinal cord in patients with parkinson ' s disease .
emadine is a medicine that is used to treat severe swelling disorder ( swelling ) in adults . symptoms is a disease in which the eye is often caused by an allergy , for example , hay fever and allergy to dust mites ) in adults and adolescents from eye years of age . these symptoms include itching and swelling of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). symptoms of this disease may also feel itching , redness , redness , swelling and eye damage . this may cause these symptoms such as difficulty , redness , swelling , and patches of vision , pain and patches of vision . these symptoms may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , redness ( swelling ), and can have an impact on physical and social symptoms .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with newly myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) copd is a long - term condition of the airways in which the muscles become tightening of the muscles become lungs and the muscles become lungs and the muscles become muscles become muscles and become shortness of the lungs . this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles become tightening of the muscles , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
nucala contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody . medicines belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it helps to reduce the activity of the lungs . what these_medicines is used for oral_corticosteroids is used in adults to treat : - related arthritis in adults and children aged 6 years and older . it can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma_attacks ) in adult patients ( aged 6 years and older ) with chronic renal failure ( asthma_attacks ) in adult patients ( aged 6 years and older ) with chronic renal failure ( asthma_attacks ) in adult patients ( aged 6 years and older ) with chronic renal failure ( asthma_attacks ) in adult patients ( aged 6 years and older ) with chronic renal failure ( asthma_attacks ) in children and adolescents aged 6 to 6 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your child ' s disease and reduce the number of these conditions . it is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat the following conditions in children and adolescents aged 6 to 6 years old with : non - small cell lung failure ( asthma_attacks ) when : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as asthma_attacks ), and - you have previously experienced at least one anti - inflammatory medicine called asthma_attacks ( also known as asthma_attacks ), which have not worked or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
ninlaro contains the active substance dexamethasone . dexamethasone is a medicine that contains the active substance dexamethasone . proteasomes is used to treat multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the multiple myeloma ) in adult patients who have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma . lenalidomide accord is also used when the treatment of multiple myeloma when they have had at least one other medicine used to treat multiple myeloma . lenalidomide accord is also used when the treatment of multiple myeloma when they have had at least one other medicine used to treat multiple myeloma . lenalidomide accord is also used when the treatment of multiple myeloma when they have had at least one other medicine used to treat multiple myeloma . lenalidomide will be used together with another medicine called dexamethasone and dexamethasone . if you have any questions about how lenalidomide works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
palforzia is a treatment for children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old . it is intended to be used in children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old who have oxygen to be treated at least 17 kg . it is intended to be used in children 17 years of age and older . treatment with treatment associated with treatment include treatment include treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment or treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment or treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment or treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment or treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment or treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment of the following types of diseases .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine which belongs to a class of substances called benzodiazepine - related agents . it is used to reduce the number of pain symptoms in patients who have had at least one month . it can be used when you do not have a need or when you feel worse . your doctor will tell you if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor can tell you if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor will tell you if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor can tell you if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor will tell you if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
