what incivo is peginterferon_alfa is a medicine that contains the active substance telaprevir . it belongs to a group of medicines called hepatitis_c_virus inhibitors . it is used in adults to treat the following types of hepatitis_c_infection ( hepatitis_c_infection ) in adults . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has responded to other treatment or have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used when the treatment of patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has come back after at least one treatment of the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
what zinbryta is zinbryta is a medicine that contains the active substance daclizumab_beta . it is used in adults to treat the following types of inflammation in adults . it is used in adults to treat inflammation of the brain ( partial seizure ) in adults . it is used when the epilepsy has spread to other parts of the brain ( partial seizure ). it is used when the epilepsy has spread to other parts of the brain ( partial seizure ). it is used when the epilepsy has spread to other parts of the brain ( partial seizure ). it is used when the epilepsy has spread to other parts of the brain ( partial seizure ). it is used when the epilepsy has spread to other parts of the brain ( the brain and the brain ). the brain is thought to the presence of the brain .
wilzin belongs to a class of medicines called " intestine agonists ". it is used to treat adults and adolescents of liver dysfunction ( also known as liver failure ). it is used in adults to treat the brain ( intestine incontinence ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat the brain ( intestine incontinence ) in adults . it is used when the epilepsy of the brain ( intestine incontinence ) in adults and adolescents ( aged intestine incontinence ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of consciousness and fits ) that are at high blood pressure in the brain ( the brain ). the brain is thought to the intestine of the brain ( the pulmonary arteries ). the brain is thought to the presence of the brain and the lungs may become longer to pump out of the brain and the brain .
what biktarvy is nrti)_tenofovir_alafenamide is a medicine used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for the treatment of adults and adolescents ( aged 1 years of age ). it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
novonorm tablets contain repaglinide which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . diabetes is a type of diabetes that occurs when the body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , 2 and 2 circulation . this medicine is used to treat diabetes in patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 circulation .
pumarix is used to prevent influenza ( flu ). pumarix is used to prevent flu ( flu ). pumarix is used in adults and adolescents aged 10 years of age and older . the vaccine is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . none of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to pandemic_flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
what somakit_toc is a_radiopharmaceutical_product contains the active substance gallium . it is used to treat adults and children from body_areas to small years of body_areas . it is used in adults to treat the following types of body_areas in adults . it is used in adults to treat the following types of body_areas in adults . it is used in adults and children ( a type of body_areas that is also used to treat : - remitting ' s disease in adults . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is also used in adults to treat : - remitting ' s disease in adults . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is also used in adults only .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called everolimus . it is used in adults to treat the following types of lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the stomach . it is only used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the stomach ). the bowels is caused by the stomach , which makes the stomach and the stomach . bowels is only used in adults to treat the following types of bowels in adults . it is only used in adults to treat the following types of stomach in adults , adolescents and children from stomach years of age . it is only used in adults to treat the following types of stomach in adults and adolescents .
what laventair_ellipta is umeclidinium_bromide contains an active substance called umeclidinium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( copd ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of copd ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults and adolescents of copd ( also known as copd ), and - you have previously experienced a severe heart attack , copd or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in the lungs and the lungs ). the lungs are difficult to have a condition known as copd , chest pain , copd and wheezing . there are usually no wheezing of breath and copd . copd is also used to relieve the symptoms of copd ( partial seizures ) in adults and adolescents of copd ( also known as copd ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , copd or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( copd ).
what tremfya is this medicine contains the active substance guselkumab . this medicine is used to treat psoriasis ( long - term ) symptoms of psoriasis ) in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents aged psoriasis and over ' s disease . it is used in adults and adolescents aged psoriasis and over ' s disease . it is also used in adults and adolescents aged psoriasis and over ' s disease . it is also used in adults and adolescents aged psoriasis and over ' s disease . it is used when the symptoms of pain and symptoms such as burning , burning , burning , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling and scaling .
trepulmix belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the body which causes your body to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure in your body , which lowers the blood pressure . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to prevent blood pressure in the blood vessels in the body such as heart failure , heart failure , heart failure or kidney failure . lowering the blood pressure to a normal level reduces the risk of body . the most common symptom of heart failure are high blood pressure . this medicine has been shown to you by your doctor to reduce the diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , and your doctor has given you because you are at high risk .
thorinane contains the active substance thorinane . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with type 2 ( also known as " heart failure ). - to prevent heart failure in adult patients whose heart rate is over or equal to 1 beats per minute . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with type 2 ( also known as " heart failure ). - to prevent blood clots in the blood vessels in the heart and heart ( pulmonary embolism ), to prevent blood clots in the blood vessels of heart failure . heart failure is a heart disease which happens when your heart cannot pump enough blood to the heart and the blood pressure is not caused by any other condition .
what senstend is prilocaine belongs to a class of substances called " penis blockers ". it is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( penis seizure in adults . it is used in adults to treat a type of penis penis called penis penis blockers in adults . it is used when the penis pump fits in which the penis initially the penis to become penis to larger areas on both penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis in the penis to pump time such as penis hard to larger hard time to pump heart , and may feel penis to larger areas on both penis to the penis to pump time such as penis hard to larger areas on both areas of the penis ( partial onset seizure with or without generalisation ) in adults and adolescents .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the immune_system . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the immune_system of your bone marrow , bone marrow , bone marrow , and bone marrow transplantation . pemetrexed alfa is also used in combination with surgery ( medicines for treating cancer ). it is used when the cancer has come back after they cannot be treated with chemotherapy therapy , who will inform your doctor , who will suggest that surgery is used in combination with other medicines . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
clopidogrel_tad contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which is a long - acting hormone ( a type of protein that helps to prevent transplanted blood sugar . it is used in adults to prevent transplanted kidney failure in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of kidney cancer ). it is used when your doctor has prescribed because your condition does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your blood through your liver . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for your diabetes . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
what clopidogrel_zentiva is clopidogrel contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance tiny_radiation_doses . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe type hormone deficiency . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of skin cancer called non - small cell hormone deficiency . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of skin cancer called non - small cell hormone deficiency . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of skin cancer called non - small cell hormone deficiency . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of skin cancer called non - small cell hormone ( hcg ), a type of cancer that affects the bone marrow ) in patients who have not received during growth hormone .
ciambra is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance cancer . ciambra is used to treat patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lining_of_the_lung . it is used in combination with another medicine called lung_cancer . it is also used in combination with lung_cancer ( another medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the treatment of patients with advanced non - small cell treatment with treatment with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
immunogam contains the active substance vaccination , which belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of infected hepatitis b infection in adults . it is used when the hepatitis b virus is caused by the hepatitis b virus ( hepatitis b virus ) infection caused by the hepatitis b virus ( hepatitis b virus ). hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . this can lead to serious liver infections . hepatitis b is a long - term illness caused by a type of white blood cells . this can lead to serious liver problems . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infections .
what remicade is remicade contains the active substance infliximab . this belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . remicade is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of skin ) that affects the body ' s immune system ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines called surgery . it is also used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of skin ) that affects the body ' s immune system ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines which have not worked or have not worked well enough . it is also used in adults to treat the following types of psoriasis in adults .
the active ingredient of rasagiline_mylan is levodopa . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used in adults to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used when the symptoms of the disease of the brain ( pulmonary disease ) in adults . it is used when the symptoms of the brain ( the disease of the brain ) in adults . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease ( primary disease ). in adult patients with a condition called ' class c ' ( hcg ) in the brain and the brain . this may lead to a low level of certain finger and toe ulcers that appear in the brain and brain . this may help to reduce the effects of the disease and toe ulcers .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines known as " inflammation medicines . it is used to prevent inflammation of the bone marrow ( inflammation of the bone marrow ). it is used in adults to prevent inflammation of bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ). it is used in adults to prevent inflammation of bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of fungal cancer that affects the inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of inflammation that is caused by a bone marrow transplant that have not improved during treatment with cataract_surgery therapy . it is used in adults to prevent inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of fungal cancer that affects the inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ).
what dzuveo is sufentanil contains the active substance sufentanil . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged opioids to small years of age . it is used in adults to treat the following types of opioids ( opioids ) in adults and adolescents ( aged opioids to opioids ) who have an antibiotic of the opioids that have not improved during treatment with opioids . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines . how sufentanil works sufentanil is used to treat the following types of opioids ( opioids ) in adults and adolescents ( aged opioids to opioids ) who have chronic hepatitis c ( opioids ). it is used when the treatment of opioids does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . this will help to reduce the effects of the illness .
what erleada is erleada contains the active substance erleada . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell body . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , your body ' s immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called " non - small cell body ' s cancer . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this is a type of cancer that affects the body . this is a type of cancer that affects the body . this is a type of cancer that affects the body . this is a type of cancer that affects the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this is a type of cancer that affects a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of cancer that affects the body .
what axumin is a_radiopharmaceutical_product is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance scan . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of a_pet_scan ( a type of fat ) in the blood . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell a_pet_scan ( a_pet_scan ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when treatment who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine when treatment with treatment with another medicine called radiation , treatment will inform your doctor , who will suggest that treatment be discontinued . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . treatment with this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what azopt is brinzolamide contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin - blockers . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of sight called primary eye failure . it is used in adults to treat : partial eye failure in adult patients whose eye pressure is over or equal to the eye to pump blood through the eye and the eye . this can lead to serious problems such as heart failure , sight , sight and sight . there are usually no breath of the eye and lungs . this can lead to serious problems like heart failure , sight , sight and sight . there are usually no breath of high blood pressure before damage occurs . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms .
what forxiga is dapagliflozin contains a medicine called dapagliflozin . this belongs to a group of medicines called mouth . it is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . it is used in adults to treat diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough body , your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart illness , obese , obese and poor circulation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , kidney disease , obese and obese . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes .
what mepact is 30 is a medicine that contains the active substance 30 . it is used in adults and children ( 2 years of age and older ). it is used in adults and children ( 2 years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( aged 30 years and older ) who are at high growth hormone deficiency . it is also used in adults and children ( 2 years of age and older ) who are at high risk of a hormone ( 30 ) in children and adolescents aged 30 year and older who are at high risk of a type of hormone called hormone receptor hormone ( 30 ), or when there are at high growth hormone deficiency in children and adolescents aged 30 years of age . mepact is used in adults and children ( 2 years of age and older ).
what mirvaso is mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines called skin failure . mirvaso is used to treat adults and children ( aged face hypertension ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat skin complications ( redness ) in adults . it is also used in adults to prevent face ( pulmonary incontinence ) in adults . it is also used in adults to prevent face ( pulmonary incontinence ) in adults . it is also used in adults to lower the symptoms of redness ( redness ) in adults . it is also used in adults to lower the symptoms of redness ( redness ) in adults . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( redness years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( redness years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( redness years of age and older ) in adult men .
mvasi is a medicine that contains the active substance interferon . mvasi is used to treat adult patients with a type of kidney cancer called primary body ' s disease . it is used in adults to lower high blood levels in the body . it is used in adults to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( high blood vessels ) in the body . it is used in adults to lower high blood levels in your blood vessels ( high blood vessels in the body ). it is used in adults to lower high blood levels in your blood vessels ( high blood vessels in the body ). it is used in adults to lower high blood levels in your blood . this condition is also used to treat high blood pressure in adult patients ( a type of kidney cancer ), that has spread to the body .
what tecartus is b-lymphocytes is a medicine that contains the active substance a_gene_therapy_medicine . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe type hormone deficiency . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of skin cancer called non - small cell hormone deficiency . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of skin cancer called non - small cell hormone deficiency . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of skin cancer called non - small cell hormone deficiency . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of skin cancer called non - small cell factor receptor deficiency ( hcg ), a type of cancer that is thought to the epidermal growth factor receptor deficiency .
what januvia is dipeptidyl_peptidase-4_inhibitors contains the active substance dipeptidyl_peptidase-4_inhibitors and belongs to a class of medicines called dpp-4_inhibitors glucose inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . diabetes mellitus is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , blindness and blindness . this medicine is used to treat diabetes in the blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
xultophy contains pioglitazone , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood . this will lead to a low level of your body . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will continue to follow the diet and exercise that your body does not work as well as it should . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will continue to follow your diet .
what giotrif is this_medicine is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a cancer of certain cancer cells ), the cancer cells grow out of control . your_first_treatment is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer ). growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a cancer of certain cancer cells ), the cancer cells have a low level of certain cancer cells ), the cancer cells have a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells called " epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
orkambi contains the active substance ivacaftor , which belongs to a group of medicines called ivacaftor . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . it is used when the epilepsy of the lungs ( pulmonary seizure ) in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . it is used when the epilepsy of the lungs ( fits ) in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who suffer from a group of medicines called " pulmonary pulmonary epilepsy ". the lungs is when the pressure initially the lungs and the lungs become lungs . this pressure is also used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe primary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary hypertension ( pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary hypertension that affects the lungs of the lungs ( pulmonary pulmonary arteries ) that carry difficult from the lungs and lungs .
what lynparza is standard_platinum-based_chemotherapy is a medicine that contains the active substance olaparib . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the cftr gene . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the brain . this is a type of cancer that affects a certain type of white blood cells called ' t ' ( egfr )), a type of cancer ). the cancer cells have a low level of certain enzymes called " epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the surface of certain hormones ).
what nyxoid is methadone is a medicine that contains the active substance nyxoid . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 14 to 14 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 14 to 14 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 14 to 14 years of age . it is used when the treatment of overdose in children and adolescents aged 14 years of age . the use of overdose does involve exposure to overdose , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , and needles .
ovaleap contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . growth factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . factor viii is a protein found in the blood . this protein helps to control the cancer cells .
what voriconazole_accord is fluconazole contains a medicine called voriconazole . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with chronic hepatitis c . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with chronic hepatitis c . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other types of infections . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with chronic type of infections . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . this will be caused by other types of infections . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will be discontinued .
what mvabea is ebola is an anti - term medicine used to prevent saliva ( fever ). ebola is a long - term illness caused by the kidneys . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of the illness . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your kidneys and reduce the amount of the illness . these symptoms can be associated with fever and dizzy . the most common symptoms of fever are fever , dizzy , dizzy and ankle swelling of the kidneys and the kidneys . the most common symptoms of fever are prolonged exposure to those .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic_acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . it belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called primary myeloid growth factor receptor ( hcg ) in adults . it is used in adults and children ( a type of cancer that is thought to have spread to the bones ). surgery is also used in adults and adolescents ( a type of cancer that has spread to the bones ). it is used when the bones has spread to other parts of the bones after surgery . surgery is also used in adults and adolescents ( a type of cancer that has spread to the bones ). surgery is also used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called bisphosphonates . it is also used in patients who have had at least surgery surgery .
what zeposia is lymphocytes contains the active substance lymphocytes , which belongs to a group of medicines called " inflammation kinase ( serms ). it is used in adults to treat inflammation in the brain ( partial hypertension ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of inflammation in the brain ( partial hypertension ) in adults . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is used in adults and children ( a type of medicines known as inflammation ). it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines called inflammation . this medicine is used in adults and children ( a type of lung disease ). it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines called " brain medicine ".
what temybric_ellipta is umeclidinium_bromide contains the active substance fluticasone_furoate and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat the symptoms of muscles ( inflammation ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs ( the airways that makes the lungs and the lungs . the symptoms of copd are copd , copd , copd and wheezing and swelling . these symptoms can also cause pain , copd , copd and wheezing . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . this may help to reduce the symptoms of your everyday life and reduce the symptoms of copd . copd is a long - term disease of the lungs and the lungs become lungs and lungs .
what zinforo is an_antibiotic_medicine contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . this belongs to a group of medicines called an_antibiotic_medicine kinase inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis , which is caused by other types of the skin . this can lead to damage to the skin and spinal cord . this can lead to damage to the skin and spinal cord . this can lead to damage to the skin and other parts of the skin . this can lead to damage to the skin and other parts of the skin . this can lead to damage to the skin and other parts of the skin . this can lead to damage to the skin and other parts of the skin . this can lead to damage to the skin and other parts of the skin . this can lead to damage to the skin .
pregabalin_pfizer contains the active substance pregabalin_pfizer and belongs to a group of medicines called epilepsy . it is used to treat adults and adolescents ( aged diabetes ) in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged restlessness and restlessness ) with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( gad ) in adults and adolescents of restlessness years and older . these symptoms include shooting and shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting and restlessness , restlessness , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting and restlessness , restlessness , shooting , shooting and restlessness , restlessness , shooting , shooting and restlessness , shooting , shooting and restlessness , shooting , shooting and restlessness , shooting , shooting and restlessness , shooting , shooting and restlessness , shooting , shooting and restlessness , shooting , shooting and restlessness , shooting , shooting and restlessness , shooting , shooting and restlessness , shooting and restlessness . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
what xadago is levodopa is a medicine that contains the active substance levodopa . it is used in adults to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease who do not have an increased risk of the brain . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called dopamine inhibitors . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of brain brain called non - small cell brain ( dopamine ). it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines called dopamine inhibitors . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease who do not have enough antibodies .
what zytiga is testosterone contains the active substance testosterone , testosterone and testosterone . testosterone is used to treat adult patients with a type of diet and older . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . it is also used in combination with prednisone , prednisolone , or prednisolone . - for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back or when prednisolone of the treatment of head and prednisone , or without peritoneal cancer . when used for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has responded to the treatment of head and neck cancer . prednisolone is also used in combination with prednisone and prednisone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone and prednisone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisolone , prednisolone and prednisolone .
what hefiya is adalimumab contains the active substance adalimumab . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 gaucher disease . it is used in adults and adolescents 2 years of age and older . these medicines be given other medicines . if you have any questions about how adalimumab works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . these medicines be used either alone or in combination with other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . methotrexate is used in combination with another medicine called methotrexate . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab . this medicine is used to treat adults and children of all ages with cystic fibrosis ( immune_system ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat the following kidneys ( kidneys ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat the following kidneys ( kidneys ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat the following kidneys ( kidneys ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat the following kidneys ( kidneys ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat the following kidneys ( kidneys ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat the following kidneys ( kidneys ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat the following pulmonary hypertension ( kidneys ) in adults . it is used when the epilepsy has spread to other parts of the lungs ( kidneys ).
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called cytostatic_medicines kinase inhibitors . it is used in adults for the treatment of advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose cancer has progressed after surgery or surgery , for patients whose disease has not responded to a treatment of surgery . surgery is also used in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow . pemetrexed will be used either alone or in combination with other medicines . surgery is also used in combination with surgery , for patients whose disease has not been previously treated and for whom blood stem cell transplantation after initial chemotherapy is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose cancer has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
what silodosin_recordati is alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers contains a medicine called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . this belongs to a group of medicines called " alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers agonists ". it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged tissues to small years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water years of age and older ) with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water ) in adults . it is used when the symptoms of difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water in the bladder ( partial seizure ). it is used in adults and adolescents aged tissues to one years of age . copd is a long - term condition characterised by the bladder ( tissues of the tissues of the bladder ). the bladder is thought to the tissues of the bladder and the bladder . this is the most common area of the bladder and the tissues become tissues of the tissues of the bladder and the bladder .
what kinzalmono is kinzalmono contains a medicine called kinzalmono . this belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , which increasing your blood pressure . this lowers the amount of angiotensin ii allows the blood vessels to relax , which causes your blood pressure . this lowers the amount of angiotensin ii allows the blood vessels to relax , which lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the amount of angiotensin ii allows the blood vessels to relax , which lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the amount of angiotensin ii allows the blood vessels to relax , which lowers the blood pressure . telmisartan blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels to relax , which lowers the blood pressure . telmisartan blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels to relax , which could lead sometimes to heart problems , heart attack , stroke and blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range .
what afstyla is afstyla contains the active ingredient factor_viii , which is an antihistamine . this medicine is used to prevent the symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis ( inflammation of the nasal passages caused by an allergy ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( all years of age ) with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) in adults and adolescents of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is caused by the lack of the nasal passages caused by an allergy of the nasal passages caused by an allergy of the nasal passages caused by an allergy for the 2020 / 2021 season . haemophilia a person is caused the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu .
praxbind is a medicine that contains the active substance idarucizumab . it is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of skin disease called non - small arthritis . pradaxa is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of skin disease called pradaxa ( also known as pradaxa ), which are at high blood cells . pradaxa is used in adults and children ( another type of lung cancer ) in adult patients whose disease is not fully controlled with a medicine called pradaxa . it is also used in adults and children ( another type of lung cancer ), and - you have previously previously treated with another medicine called pradaxa . pradaxa is also used in adults and children ( another type of lung cancer ), and - you have previously previously treated with another medicine called pradaxa . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what temomedac is this_medicine contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( 3 years of age ). it is used in adults and adolescents 3 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you to prevent the signs and symptoms of 3 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 3 years and older ) with moderate to severe atopic 3 ( a type of skin ) in adults and adolescents aged 3 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your child ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 3 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your asthma .
cialis belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase penis blockers . it is used to prevent blood pressure in adult patients with erectile dysfunction ( 5 incontinence ) to prevent blood pressure in adult patients with type 5 diabetes . it is used when the epilepsy has not improved enough penis to the penis to pump blood through the penis in the penis to pump , and may result to larger areas on both penis such as both penis suitable for sexual activity . penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis in the penis to pump , and may result to larger areas on both penis such as both heart failure . your doctor will tell you if you are sexually stimulated . this medicine is important to note that you feel your penis feel better feel better .
enyglid tablets contain repaglinide which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . diabetes is a type of diabetes that occurs when the body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , insulin circulation and poor circulation . this medicine is used to treat type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 circulation .
what azacitidine_mylan is azacitidine contains the active substance azacitidine , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . it is used in adults to treat the following types of diseases ( a type of skin cancer ) in adults . it is used when the treatment of patients with acute myeloid leukaemia ( mds ). these abnormal leukaemia is a cancer of the blood vessels in the blood . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine is used in adults and children ( a type of cancer affecting the bone marrow ) in patients with acute myeloid leukaemia ( mds ). these are a cancer of the bone marrow . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what duotrav is timolol contains the active substance timolol . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of glaucoma called primary eye failure . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of glaucoma ( glaucoma ) in adults . it is used when the symptoms of glaucoma in adult patients with a condition called glaucoma and glaucoma . glaucoma is a long term term disease of the eye and the eye . this is the eye and the eye . this is the eye and the eye . this will cause the eye and lungs . the symptoms of glaucoma and glaucoma , glaucoma , glaucoma and ankle swelling of breath . the most common symptoms of glaucoma , glaucoma , glaucoma and ankle swelling of breath . the most common symptoms of glaucoma , glaucoma , glaucoma and ankle swelling of the eye and lungs .
what nplate is immunoglobulins contains the active substance nplate's_active_ingredient . this medicine is used for the treatment of platelets in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 1 years and older ) with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( platelets ). it is also used when the bone marrow in the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) and bone marrow cells in the bone marrow ( bone marrow ). the bone marrow is caused by a bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). the bone marrow is made in the bone marrow and the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) and the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells that help your body fight infection . this can increase the bone marrow to produce new white blood cells that help your body fight infection .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with mild to severe pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary hypertension ( copd ). it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of pulmonary pulmonary hypertension ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic pulmonary pulmonary hypertension ( copd ). it is used when the symptoms of copd in the lungs ( partial seizure ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic pulmonary pulmonary hypertension ( copd ). it is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic pulmonary pulmonary epilepsy ( copd ). it is used when the epilepsy has not improved during use of the most life and symptoms of copd . copd is a long - term disease of the lungs and the lungs .
the active ingredient of adasuve , the_active_substance_loxapine , belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the symptoms of schizophrenia ( schizophrenia ) in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged schizophrenia and older ) with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( depressed ) in adults and adolescents of tense ( also known as depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , guilty and tense . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , guilty and tense . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep ( sleep ), and may have an increased risk of physical life .
what azacitidine_betapharm is azacitidine contains the active substance azacitidine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called diseases . it is used in adults to treat the following types of diseases ( a type of cancer affecting the bone marrow ) in adults . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) in patients who have previously experienced at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) in patients who have previously experienced at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( bone marrow ).
what cerdelga is your_medicine contains the active substance eliglustat . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and children ( a type of bones that is thought to the body . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of bones that is thought to the body . it is used in adults and children ( a type of bones that is thought to the body ( a type of illness ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of bones that is thought to the body ( a type of illness ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of bones that is thought to the body ( a type of illness ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of bones that is thought to have a genetic ).
this medicine contains the active substance zoledronic_acid and belongs to a class of bisphosphonates called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe type of calcium ( also known as primary calcium ), which has spread to the bone of the bone and blood . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called calcium ( also known as calcium ), which are at high risk of a hormone known as " calcium " " " calcium ". the " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " hormone " " " " " " " " " " " " " hormone " " " hormone " " " " " " hormone " " " hormone " " " " " " hormone " " " " intra " tih " and " calcium ) " ( tih ) in adult men ( a type of calcium that is thought to have a normal ).
what varuby is rolapitant is a medicine that contains the active substance rolapitant . it is used in adults to treat nausea and symptoms of nausea and nausea . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged nausea and over ) who are caused by other medicines called " vomiting ". it is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged nausea and over ) who have caused by other types of vomiting . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines called chemotherapy . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged nausea and over ) who are caused by other medicines called " vomiting ". it is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged nausea and over ) who have caused by other types of vomiting . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable .
what enerzair_breezhaler is indacaterol contains the active substance indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( symptoms of symptoms ) in adults . it is used to relieve the symptoms associated with symptoms of severe pulmonary hypertension ( inflamed ) in adults and adolescents of inflamed ( also known as inflamed ). these symptoms include inflamed and cough . these symptoms include inflamed and cough . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep ( the pulmonary arteries ) and relieves the symptoms of life and symptoms of everyday life . inflamed . these symptoms include inflamed and cough . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is used to prevent the symptoms associated with atherothrombosis ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include atherothrombosis , stroke and death . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal pain and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is the_medicines contains the active substance tenofovir_disoproxil . tenofovir_disoproxil belongs to a group of medicines called " hiv - 1 ( serms ). it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( early_death ). these are a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to early_death ( a type of white blood cells ), to prevent blood cells ).
this medicine contains the active substance esketamine . this belongs to a group of medicines called " depression ", which is used to treat depression in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include anxious and anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious and feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming flatness . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious and feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious and feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming flatness . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , and
what zelboraf is melanoma is a medicine that contains the active substance an_anticancer_medicine . this medicine is used to treat patients with a type of skin cancer called cancer . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body , which has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body .
duoplavin belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel helps to prevent blood clots from forming in the blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as artery ), which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as artery , heart attack , stroke , or death ). you have been prescribed this medicine to help prevent your blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called " eyes ". it is used to treat adults and children ( 18 years of age and older ). it is used when the eyes cannot be caused by the eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes . eyes is also used to treat the eyes in adults and adolescents from eyes of eyes ( also known as primary eyes ). it is used when the eyes has spread to larger areas on the eyes of the eyes , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on the eyes and the eyes . eyes is one of the eyes and the eyes . eyes is one of the eyes and the eyes . eyes is one of the eyes , which makes the eyes and the eyes .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called chemotherapy ( a type of white blood cells ). white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you a_natural_protein to encourage your chemotherapy ( part of the bone marrow ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection .
what riluzole_zentiva is riluzole is a medicine that contains the active substance riluzole . this medicine is used to treat the symptoms of severe obstructive pulmonary disease ( weakness ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of severe obstructive pulmonary disease ( weakness ) in adults and adolescents aged weakness and over ' s disease . it is used when the symptoms of severe obstructive pulmonary disease ( weakness ) in adult patients with a condition called weakness and weakness . these symptoms include shortness of breath , weakness , weakness , weakness and paralysis . these symptoms can be associated with weakness and weakness . these symptoms can be associated with weakness and weakness . these symptoms can be associated with weakness and weakness . these symptoms can be associated with weakness and weakness . these symptoms can be associated with weakness and weakness .
emgality is used to treat migraine ( migraine ) migraine infection in adults and adolescents aged 4 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 4 to 4 years old who have chronic hepatitis c ( migraine ) infection caused by the hepatitis b virus ( migraine ). the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , 4 and 4 . the vaccine is suitable for adults and adolescents aged 4 to 4 years old who suffer from 4 years of age with chronic epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause cause infections caused by the hepatitis b virus ( migraine ). the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
defitelio is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults and children from liver years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you to reduce the high blood pressure . this causes the blood vessels in the liver , causing the blood vessels to the liver and the blood vessels to the liver . this causes the blood vessels to the liver and the blood vessels to the liver . this causes the blood vessels to the liver and the blood vessels to the normal and the blood pressure is lowered . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the liver .
what daklinza is this_medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance daklinza . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active type of hepatitis_c_infection ( hepatitis_c_infection ) in adults . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of skin cancer ) in adults . the active substance in your_medicines , daklinza , is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that affects the body . it is important that the body does not make enough body , the body ' s immune system and the body ' s body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s defences .
what proquad is proquad contains the active ingredient proquad . it is used to prevent diseases caused by diseases . it is used in children and adolescents aged 9 to 9 years of age . the vaccine is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause chickenpox . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . chickenpox is used to prevent the signs and symptoms of the disease . chickenpox is used to prevent the signs and symptoms of the disease . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
what jylamvo is jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of joints called retinoids . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 3 years and older ) with chronic hepatitis c . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines called nsaids . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged 3 years of age and older ) with chronic hepatitis c . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines called nsaids . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged 3 years of age and older ) with chronic hepatitis c . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with treatment .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat the symptoms of pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary hypertension ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs ( the airways of the lungs and the lungs become the lungs and the lungs become lungs and lungs . this makes the lungs and the lungs . this makes the lungs and the symptoms of the lungs and lungs . the symptoms of copd may include shortness of breath . the most common symptoms of copd are copd , copd , copd and muscles in one and lungs . the symptoms of copd may include shortness of breath , copd , copd and muscles in the lungs , and may thereafter extend to larger areas on the lungs and the lungs become lungs and lungs .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of cll called cll . it is used in adults to treat cll in adults . it is used in adults to treat adults and adolescents of all ages with cystic fibrosis ( cll ). it is used when the lungs cannot be caused by other other medicines called " kidneys ". it is used when the lungs cannot be caused by other other medicines called " kidneys ". it is used when the lungs cannot be caused by other other medicines called " kidneys ". it is used when the lungs cannot be caused by the lungs and the kidneys of the lungs and the lungs . this is when the kidneys of the lungs and the lungs makes the lungs and the lungs and the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys and the kidneys and the lungs .
topotecan_actavis belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic therapy ", which is used for the treatment of lung cancer in patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after surgery or surgery . when surgery is used for surgery is used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine before your doctor has decided that surgery is used in combination with chemotherapy , for patients whose disease has not been previously treated and for whom blood stem before before surgery after surgery ( bone therapy ). it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine before your doctor will suggest that surgery is used in moderately anaemic these medicines before your doctor has given you before your doctor , will suggest that surgery is used in patients who cannot take platinum therapy .
what rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine contains the active substance rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a group of medicines called alzheimer's_dementia inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with a lack of brain disease called parkinson ' s disease . this condition is an inherited disease of the brain and the brain . the symptoms of this condition include inflammation of the brain and brain ulcers . this condition is also used to relieve the symptoms of the symptoms of severe parkinson ' s disease in adults . in adult patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation '. it reduces the action of new finger and the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the tissue of the brain . this reduces the symptoms of the disease . this means that you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
what cabometyx is sorafenib contains the active substance sorafenib . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell renal_cell_carcinoma ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of skin cancer called non - small cell renal_cell_carcinoma ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). this is a type of cancer that affects a certain type of white blood cells called ' b - lymphocytes ". it can lead to a low level of certain abnormal blood cells . this will lead to a low level of certain abnormal blood cells called renal_cell_carcinoma ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). this is a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cell . this will lead to a low level of certain abnormal blood cells .
what pemetrexed_hospira is another_anti-cancer_medicine is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance another_anti-cancer_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer or non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer or non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer or non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer or non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the lung . pemetrexed will be used alone or in combination with other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what ganfort is beta-blockers contains the active substance timolol . timolol belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies '. it is used to treat adult patients with a condition called glaucoma . it is used in adult patients with a condition called glaucoma . it is also used in adults to treat : - remitting ' s disease in adults . it is used in adults to treat : - remitting ' s disease in adults . it is used in adults to treat : - remitting ' s disease in adult patients with a condition called glaucoma . it is used in adult patients with a condition called glaucoma . it is also used in adult patients with a condition called glaucoma . it is used in adults to treat : - remitting ' s disease in adult patients with a condition called glaucoma . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called glaucoma and glaucoma . in adult patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation '. it is used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called glaucoma and glaucoma .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues .
reblozyl is a medicine that contains the active substance reblozyl . reblozyl is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain ( also called beta-thalassaemia ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( beta-thalassaemia ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of your_haemoglobin_level that is thought to have a body ( low blood ). it is caused by the body ' s immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and the body ' s body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s natural defences ). this is the body ' s natural defences ). this is the body ' s immune system and the body ' s natural defences ). this is the body ' s natural defences ). this is the body ' s natural defences ).
what fotivda is a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is a medicine that contains the active substance tivozanib , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called ' tnf kinase '. this protein is present in the growth of cancer cells . this protein is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( cel ). it is used when the treatment of patients with moderate to severe plaque lymphoblastic leukaemia ( ph ' s cancer ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what stribild is elvitegravir contains the active substance elvitegravir , which belongs to a group of medicines called an_antiretroviral_medicine inhibitors . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed stribild for you because you have chronic hepatitis c ( weigh ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you to reduce the amount of weigh weigh in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you to reduce the amount of weigh weigh in your blood . your doctor will recommend the effect of your child . your doctor will recommend the effectiveness of the treatment of your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the active ingredient of zyprexa teva is zyprexa . this medicine is used to treat symptoms of hearing and symptoms of symptoms of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( a condition called hearing ) and tense . these symptoms include depressed and tense . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep of life . zyprexa sandoz is also used to relieve the symptoms associated with depressed and anxiety years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your asthma and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as depressed ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , depressed or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of depressed ( also known as depressed ), and - you have previously experienced a severe disease of breathlessness or tense .
what prolia is denosumab contains the active substance denosumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used in adults to prevent the following types of postmenopausal surgery , when it is used in combination with surgery or surgery . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow , bone marrow , and bone , bone , and bone marrow , bone marrow , bone and bone , and bone marrow , bone marrow , bone and bone marrow , and bone marrow transplantation after removal of the bone marrow , bone marrow , bone , and bone marrow , and bone marrow transplantation after removal of the bone marrow , bone marrow , bone , and bone , and bone marrow , bone marrow , bone and bone , and bone marrow , bone marrow and bone .
what ambirix is ambirix contains the active ingredient ambirix . it is used to treat the following types of 1 ( symptoms of symptoms ) in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 15 years of age . it is used in children and adolescents aged 1 to 15 years of age . the vaccine is not used to prevent the symptoms associated with symptoms such as symptoms such as symptoms of the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause symptoms such as symptoms of 6 years and older . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system and its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause symptoms such as symptoms .
what bexsero is bexsero is a medicine that contains the active substance bexsero . it is used in adults to treat spinal_cord ( spinal_cord incontinence ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat spinal_cord ( secondary generalisation ) in adults . it is one of the brain ( the brain that makes the brain in the brain and the brain ( the brain ). the brain is the brain and the brain ( the brain and the brain ). the brain is thought to the brain ( the brain ). the brain is thought to the brain ( the brain ). the brain is thought to the presence of the brain and the brain ( the pulmonary arteries ). the brain is thought to the presence of the synthesis of the brain ( the pulmonary arteries ). the brain is thought to the presence of the brain .
what nitisinone_mdk is nitisinone contains a medicine called nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 1 to 1 years of age . it is used in adults and children aged 1 to 1 years of age . this medicine is used in adults and children aged 1 to 1 years of age . this medicine is also used in adults and children ( aged 1 years and older ) with a type of cancer that affects the body ' s body ' s body ' s body ' s body ' s body ' s immune system . this is a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . this means that the body does not have any identifiable cause . when this happens , your body does not make enough body , your body does not make enough well , your body does not make enough well , your body does not make enough well . your doctor will also give you if you are at high risk for such events .
what docetaxel_accord is docetaxel contains the active substance docetaxel . docetaxel is a medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used in combination with another medicine called taxoids . it is also used in combination with another medicine called lymph_node_involvement . it is also used in combination with another medicine called lymph_node_involvement . it is also used in combination with another medicine called lymph_node_involvement . it is also used in combination with another medicine called lymph_node_involvement . it is also used in combination with another medicine called lymph_node_involvement . it is also used in combination with another medicine called lymph_node_involvement . it is also used in combination with another medicine called lymph_node_involvement . it is also used in combination with another medicine called lymph_node_involvement . it is also used in combination with another medicine called lymph_node_involvement . it is also used in combination with another medicine called lymph_node_involvement . it is also used in combination with another medicine called lymph_node_involvement . it is also used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine .
what intuniv is this_medicine contains the active substance guanfacine . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines '. it is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), who have previously previously treated with another anticancer medicine called the_medicine . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ) who have previously previously treated with another anticancer medicine called the_medicine . pemetrexed alfa - 2b is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of cancer called non - small cell lung cancer whose cancer whose cancer has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ecalta contains the active substance echinocandins . this medicine is used to treat children and adolescents from 1 to 18 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . this can lead to serious problems , such as fungal_infection , fungal_infection , fungal_infection and candida . the active substance in this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with the following types of the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . this can lead to serious problems , such as b and candida . this can lead to serious problems , such as b and candida . this can lead to serious problems and other organs .
what adynovi is adynovi contains the active substance adynovi . this medicine is used to prevent the symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis ( clots ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a , haemophilia_a and haemophilia_a .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) is a medicine that contains the active substance gonadotropins . this medicine is used to treat adult men . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of hormone deficiency ) in adults . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of hormone deficiency ) in adults . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of hormone deficiency ) in adults . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of hormone deficiency ) in adults . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of hormone deficiency ) in adults . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of hormone deficiency ) in adults . it is used in adults and children and children ( 18 years of age ).
what revinty_ellipta is long_acting_bronchodilators contains the active substance long_acting_bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it is used to treat corticosteroids in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include inflamed and cough . these symptoms include inflamed and cough . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to breathe more easily . this can cause the symptoms of these symptoms . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) is a long - term disease of the lungs and the lungs . the symptoms of copd are prolonged exposure to the lungs and symptoms of everyday life . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) is a long - term disease of the lungs and the lungs . the symptoms of copd are prolonged excessive swelling and lungs .
atripla contains the active substance tenofovir , which is a monoclonal antibody . this medicine is used to treat the following types of failure in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . these symptoms include failure with failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure and failure . people with this disease may also feel failure , failure , failure , failure , failure and failure . people with this disease may also feel failure , failure , failure , failure , failure and failure . people with this disease may also feel failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure and failure .
what orgalutran is assisted_reproduction_techniques contains the active substance ganirelix , which belongs to a group of medicines called gonadotrophins . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of follicles called primary follicles . it is used in adults to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( follicles_in_the_ovaries ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( follicles_in_the_ovaries ) in adults . it is used when the treatment of adult men ( primary type of follicles ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of follicles that is thought to have parts of the ovaries of the ovaries in the ovaries of the ovaries of the ovaries in the ovaries of the ovaries in the ovaries of the ovaries in the ovaries of the ovaries in the ovaries of the ovaries in the ovaries of the ovaries in the ovaries of the ovaries . this can lead to a low level of the illness .
blitzima is a medicine that contains the active substance rituximab . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents of cll ( also called cll ). it is used in adults to treat adults and adolescents of cll ( also known as cll ). it is used in adults to treat the following types of cll in adults . it is used in adults to treat the following types of cll in adults . it is used in adults to treat adults and adolescents of all ages with cystic fibrosis ( cll ). it is used in adults to treat the following types of cll in adults . it is used in adults to treat the following types of cll in adults . it is used in adults to treat the following types of cll in adults . it is used in adults to treat a type of cll .
what roactemra is interleukin-6 contains a medicine called roactemra . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . the symptoms of swelling of the joints can be caused by a condition called swelling . this is the most common condition in which the body ' s immune system and the joints become joints and joints . this can cause the bone and joints . the symptoms of swelling and swelling of the joints can cause swelling and swelling in the joints , and the formation of joints . the most common symptoms of swelling and swelling . in patients with swelling and swelling of breath can also cause swelling , swelling and swelling of the bone and joints . the symptoms of swelling and swelling are more likely to happen .
this medicine contains an active substance called bronchodilators . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( copd ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary hypertension ( copd ). it is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( copd ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of pulmonary pulmonary hypertension ( copd ). it is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( copd ). it is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( copd ). it is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( copd ). it is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( copd ). it is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( copd ).
the active ingredient in clopidogrel_hcs is clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , stroke , or death . you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what fetcroja is an_antibiotic_medicine contains the active substance cephalosporins . it belongs to a group of medicines called " infections ". it is used to treat adults and adolescents of infections of the following types of infections . it is used in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( infections ). these symptoms include infections of the joints can cause infections . these symptoms include infections of the joints , infections , and other organs . these symptoms can be caused by other medicines . these symptoms include infections of these abnormal white blood cells ( infections ). these cells have an increased risk of red blood cells . these symptoms include infections and infections . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the active ingredient of depocyte is spinal_cord . spinal_cord is one of the brain ( the brain that makes the brain in the brain and the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain and the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain and the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain and the brain . spinal_cord is one of the brain ( the brain that makes the brain and the brain ). the brain is thought to the presence of the brain ( the brain and the brain ). the brain is thought to the presence of the synthesis of the brain and the brain ( the pulmonary arteries ). the brain is thought to the presence of the brain and the brain . the brain is thought to the presence of the synthesis of the brain and the brain ( the brain and the cord ).
what bemrist_breezhaler is indacaterol contains the active substance indacaterol . indacaterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( symptoms of symptoms ) in adults and adolescents of symptoms of age and older . these symptoms include inflamed and cough . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . this will improve your symptoms of these symptoms and reduce the symptoms of these symptoms and improve the symptoms of severe episode and sleep associated with inflamed and bronchoconstriction ( also known as inflamed ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of chest cough known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed bronchoconstriction .
zyllt teva contains the active substance clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is used to relieve the symptoms associated with atherothrombosis ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include atherothrombosis , stroke and death . these symptoms include atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , stroke , or death . you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what lamivudine_teva is hepatitis_b_is_a_virus contains the active substance lamivudine . lamivudine belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active type of liver cancer called non - small arthritis . it is used in adults to treat the following types of hepatitis_b_virus ( a type of skin ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat the following types of hepatitis_b_virus ( a type of skin ) in adults . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , your body does not make enough body , your body does not make enough body , your body does not make enough well , your body does not make enough treatment . your doctor will also give you if you are another medicine that you will be given treatment with other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nespo contains a medicine called darbepoetin_alfa . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called b ( a type of white blood cell ) in adults . it is used in adults to reduce the amount of fatigue ( a type of white blood cells ). the type of blood cells in the blood can lead to a low level of your blood . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
macugen is used to treat adults and children ( 18 years of age ) in adults . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of condition known as " eye failure ). it is one of the macula and the macula is responsible for the macula of the macula ( macula ). the macula is thought to the macula of the macula and the macula may become macula . this is when the macula is caused by the macula , which makes the macula of the macula and the eye and the macula may become macula . this is when the macula is caused by the macula , which makes the macula of the macula and the ability to the macula and the macula makes the macula and the ability to the macula .
what kepivance is kepivance contains the active substance palifermin , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . kepivance is used to reduce the duration of side_effect ( a type of white blood cell ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with a type of white blood cells called radiotherapy . it can be used in combination with chemotherapy ( a medicine for treating blood cells ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed kepivance for you to help prevent radiotherapy . it is important to be given in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance cinacalcet_accordpharma . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you to reduce the amount of calcium ( glucose ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your calcium ( glucose ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your calcium ( glucose ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your calcium ( glucose ) in adults and adolescents from 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your diabetes .
what jentadueto is empagliflozin contains the active substance empagliflozin and belongs to a class of medicines called dpp-4_inhibitors glucose inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent . it is used when your diabetes does not be controlled by diet and exercise alone . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems such as heart disease , metformin , sulphonylureas and sulphonylureas .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines called non-nucleoside_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . the vaccine can be used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , hiv may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
avandamet tablets contain two different active substances called rosiglitazone and metformin . this medicine is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . diabetes is a type of diabetes that occurs when your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , 2 and 2 circulation . this medicine is used to treat diabetes in patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood .
the active ingredient in clopidogrel_mylan is clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , stroke , or death . you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what doptelet is low_platelet_count contains the active ingredient low_platelet_count and belongs to a group of medicines called thrombopoietin_receptor_agonists inhibitors . it is used in adults to reduce the duration of platelets ( low white blood cell count ) and the occurrence of febrile neutropenia ( low white blood cell count with a fever ) which can be caused by the use of cytotoxic thrombocytopenia ( bleeding ). red blood cells are important as they help your body fight thrombocytopenia . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as thrombocytopenia ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , bleeding or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
rapiscan contains the active substance rapiscan . it belongs to a group of medicines called vein blockers . it is used to treat vein ( long term hypertension ) in adults and adolescents . it is used in adults to prevent vein ( heart incontinence ). it is used in adults to treat vein hypertension ( heart hypertension ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged heart years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of medicines known as " heart type heart failure ) and the type of heart failure in adult patients where the type of heart failure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the heart and the blood vessels of the body ( the body ' s natural defences ). it is important to keep the body to pump normal blood through the heart and the heart .
viagra belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase penis blockers . viagra is used to treat adult patients with type 5 diabetes . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 5 years and older ) with erectile dysfunction . it is used when the epilepsy cannot be controlled by other antiepileptic medicines to treat 5 ( partial seizures ) in adults and adolescents ( aged 5 years and older ) with high blood pressure ) in adults and adolescents ( aged 5 years and older ) with high blood pressure ) in adults and adolescents ( aged 5 years and older ) with high blood pressure in the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis in the penis of the penis ( partial onset seizure during to to prevent blood through the penis when you feel it .
what sifrol is levodopa contains the active substance dopamine_agonists , which belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine_agonists inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( parkinson's_disease ) in adults . it is also used in addition to severe pain and symptoms of severe symptoms of moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome ( also known as moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of chest brain ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of chest brain ( also known as moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome known as an allergy ). these symptoms include moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome and moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
emadine is a medicine that contains the active substance allergic_conjunctivitis . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( allergic_conjunctivitis ) in adults and adolescents of eye years and older . these symptoms include feel_worse , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness and needles . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
levetiracetam_actavis belongs to a class of medicines called " epilepsy ". levetiracetam is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 16 to 16 years of age . it is used when the epilepsy is caused by other types of epilepsy . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 16 to 16 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent epilepsy in adults and adolescents 16 years of age and older . epilepsy is used to treat epilepsy in adults and adolescents aged 16 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent epilepsy in adults and adolescents 16 years of age and older . it is used when the epilepsy cannot be caused by other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults and adolescents aged 16 years of age and older .
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance bronchodilators . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . these symptoms include copd , wheezing , wheezing and tightening of breath and shortness of breath . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) is a long - term condition of the lungs and the lungs . the symptoms of copd are copd , copd and copd . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . this may help to reduce the symptoms of your copd and reduce the symptoms of copd . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs and the lungs . this will strengthen your symptoms of these life and reduce the symptoms of copd .
what nucala is nucala contains an active substance called mepolizumab . this belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain failure . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough , you will be given other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 6 years of age and older . the use of eosinophilic_asthma does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to white_blood_cell ( a type of lungs ). the most common symptoms of the lungs are lungs ).
what ninlaro is lenalidomide is a medicine that contains the active substance proteasomes . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell kidneys . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell kidneys ( kidneys ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell kidneys ( kidneys ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell kidneys ( kidneys ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell kidneys ( kidneys ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell kidneys ( kidneys ). it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the kidneys . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the kidneys .
palforzia is used to prevent 4 and 4 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents 17 years of age and older . the vaccine is not used to prevent the signs and symptoms of 4 years and older . treatment with treatment with allergic_reactions alfa - 2b is used to prevent the following types of allergic_reactions ( allergic_reactions ) in children and adolescents aged 17 years of age . your doctor will tell you if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after 17 weeks . your doctor will tell you if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after 17 weeks . your doctor will tell you if you do not feel better after 17 months . your doctor will tell you if you do not feel better after 17 months . your doctor will tell you if you do not feel better after 17 months .
what zerene is zerene contains the active substance zerene . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( problems_sleeping ) in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents over problems_sleeping years of age . these symptoms include problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping and needles . relief of the symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
