incivo ( interferon alfa - 2b ) modifies the virus multiplying and the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause hepatitis c infection . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hepatitis_c_virus infection . previously i is a combination of adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to a treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . - with this medicine , ribavirin will not be used in combination with ribavirin .
zinbryta belongs to a group of medicines called demyelination . what demyelination is used for ocrevus is used in adults to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) that damages the central nervous system ( ms ). in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) affects nerve damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages the protective sheath ( myelin ) that causes nerve cells from the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages the protective layer ( myelin ) that causes nerve cells from the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages the protective layer ( myelin ) that causes nerve cells from the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( myelin ) that leads to nerve damage in the brain and spinal cord . this limits the symptoms of ms .
wilzin belongs to a group of medicines called wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines . it is used to treat liver_damage in adults . it belongs to a group of medicines called " liver_damage ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of medicines called staphylococcus aureus . it is used when other combinations medicines have not worked well enough . it is used in people who have been exposed to a lot of medicines called " liver_damage ". it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . spedra is used in adults and children ( aged liver years and older ) with this type of medicines ( also known as a viral immune system ) that affects the brain ( the liver ). it is one of the brain ( the liver ) that causes the brain ( the spinal cord ) that surrounds the liver and the liver .
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection . infection in the same way as hiv - 1 ( hiv - 1 ) infection by reducing the amount of hiv in your immune . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infection infection by reducing the amount of the virus in your blood . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 1 infection . odefsey is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to treat children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age and older , and adolescents at least 1 kilograms a virus for hiv infection . infection is a type of infection where your immune system ( your body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the virus in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , an_antiretroviral_medicine may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
novonorm contains insulin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when repaglinide is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . repaglinide krka helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether treatment is working 3 to your_blood_sugar minutes after you start taking it . treatment with diet and exercise , this medicine helps lower the blood sugar , which helps to prevent complications from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent flu ( flu ). pandemic flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . it spreads rapidly around the world . the signs of pandemic flu are similar to those of ordinary flu but may be more serious . how adjupanrix works when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any further vaccine , the flu vaccine may not protect the vaccine . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in adult men to treat a condition called tumours . it is used in adult men to treat a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines called radiation medicines . it is also used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation medicines . it is also used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is also used in combination with other medicines called ' radiation '. in adult men , it is used : in combination with other medicines called radiation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus , which belongs to a group of medicines called everolimus . growth factors are proteins that are involved in the growth and spread of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to il - 1 , everolimus blocks its action and reduces the pancreas from growing and divide . by blocking these proteins , everolimus allows cancer cells from growing and making new formation of the tumour . by attaching to vegf - 1 , everolimus blocks its action and prevents it from switching off the cancer cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , everolimus blocks its action and prevents it from switching down the cancer cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , everolimus blocks its action and prevents it from switching down the cancer cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , everolimus blocks its action and prevents it from switching down the cancer cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , everolimus blocks its action and prevents it from switching down the cancer cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , everolimus blocks its action and prevents it from switching down the cancer cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , everolimus blocks its action and prevents it from switching down the cancer cells . this damage is used in combination with another medicine called vegf-targeted_therapy to treat adult patients with non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines everolimus or 5 - fluorouracil and everolimus .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler ellipta is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
tremfya contains the active substance il-23 , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target substance in the skin . the target of adalimumab is another protein called interleukin - 1 ( il ) which is found on the lining of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this medicine is used to treat adults with moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis , a condition with symptoms such as burning , itching , itching or scaling . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other day - modifying medicines , such as burning . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be taking this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you should take this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
trepulmix contains the active substance cteph and belongs to a group of medicines called surgical_treatment channel blockers . it is used to treat symptoms of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( cteph ) in adults . high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . in people with oxygen , these arteries get narrower , so the body to produce its own . this causes the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . tracleer is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients . high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . in people with oxygen , these arteries get narrower , so the body to produce its own . this condition causes symptoms such as shortness of breath .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium ( also known as enoxaparin_sodium ). it is used to treat adults with type 2 disease . how brilique works brilique works by blocking specific enzyme in your blood . this reduces the chance of a blood clot forming that can reduce blood flow . what your_dialysis_machine is used for your_dialysis_machine is used in adults to : - prevent the formation of blood clots in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adults and in children . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or nurse . what possia is used for brilique is used in adults to treat : - symptomatic ' s disease in adults and children aged 1 year and older . ' essential ' means that the heart does not have enough blood to the heart and blood vessels . your_dialysis_machine can be used in adults to treat a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood clots ) in adults and children aged 1 year and older .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine . prilocaine belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the head of the penis in your penis , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the penis . ejaculation is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction , such as in adult men , when a condition is not suitable for you . in paget ' s disease , the condition is inside the head of the head and head . ejaculation is used for the treatment of adult men with erectile dysfunction . in men , it is also used for the treatment of adult men with erectile dysfunction . in men , it is also used for the treatment of adult men with mild to severe primary pulmonary hypertension ( ejaculation ).
opdivo is a medicine containing the active substance advanced_non-small_cell_lung_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody . nivolumab is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . nivolumab is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their immune cells . when advanced_non-small_cell_lung_cancer binds to her2 it stops the action of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , nivolumab blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your t cells . this helps increase their activity against the lung cancer cells . cutaneous non - small cell lung cancer is an advanced type of cancer that affects the lining of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , nivolumab blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your t cells . this helps increase their activity against the lung cancer cells . if you have any questions about how nivolumab works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
clopidogrel_tad contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as thrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as thrombosis , heart attack , or clopidogrel ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as existing_clots ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , clopidogrel or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( e . g . liver , kidney , heart , heart or heart ). your heart medicine has been given to you by your doctor to reduce your number of seizures . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your blood response , and reduce the risk of rejection . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help your body reduce your number of seizures . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin accord for you in addition to your current treatment . rejection is not intended to be used in combination with other anti - diabetic medicines . your doctor will tell you to take this medicine on this . you should be given other medicines to help prevent rejection . your doctor will tell you to take this medicine .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine contains the active substance ' a_radioactive_medicine '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of cancer of the ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma ' ( also that may be combined with another medicine to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma '. it is also used together with another medicine called ' antiretrovirals ' ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma '. it is also used together with another medicine to treat adult patients with a certain type of cancer of the ovary ( also known as another combined ) to treat adult patients with a certain type of cancer medicine called ' rituximab ' or ' non - fallopian transfer ' or ' zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or ' zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or ' zygote intra - fallopian transfer " in adult patients who are not previously treated with another medicine to treat parkinson ' s disease .
ciambra fresenius kabi is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial cancer , it will be given to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . vaccination is used to treat adults with severe hepatitis b , an infection with hepatitis b virus infection in adults . vaccination causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the virus that causes hepatitis b infection in adults . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus causes the virus that causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the virus in the vaccine can cause hepatitis b infection in the future . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it causes the hepatitis c virus . by stopping the amount of infection , vaccination , vaccination , children and children ( children and adolescents ) vaccination can also develop . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus causes the virus , causing the infected infection .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given zessly to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , improve your physical function . ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given zessly to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the amount of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your skin that have not been controlled by other medicines or treatments .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a loss of cells that produce dopamine in the brain . dopamine is a chemical in the brain involved in movement control . levodopa helps to increase and sustain levels of dopamine in the brain . it may help to keep the symptoms of copd on your everyday life . parkinson ' s disease is caused by repeated levels of dopamine in the brain . it may help to improve the symptoms of copd on your everyday life . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of dopamine in the brain . it may help to improve the symptoms of copd on your everyday life .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to treat inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation that have not improved during treatment with the anti - cancer medicines . nsaids is used to prevent inflammation of the throat in adults who have had a bone marrow transplant inflammation due to a group of medicines called " nsaids ". nsaids can reduce the number of inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation ( the body ' s natural defences ), which have not improved during treatment with the anti - cancer medicines that have not had during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , nsaids or nsaids or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by inflammation of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with the anti - cancer medicines that travels through the bloodstream .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong pain - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids act by slowing down the growth of opioids . opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have been exposed to a medical level of prostate cancer called prostate cancer . prostate cancer contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of medicines called opioids . opioids act in different ways to act the body ' s natural defences . what opioids is used for opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have been exposed to a medical level of prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have been exposed to a medical level of prostate cancer .
erleada contains the active substance a_cancer_medicine , which belongs to a group of testosterone called testosterone . what surgical_treatment is used for surgical_treatment is used in adult men to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used when the cancer has spread locally to other parts of the body which is no longer removed . in multiple cancer , surgical_treatment is used : to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body which is also used to treat adult men who have been tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that breaks down the damage to the cancer cells , the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how daurismo works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substance scan , which is a member of a group of medicines called radiation . you have been given the_cancer for you because your doctor whether you have any questions about how prostate_cancer works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the doctor that requested the scan . the use of amyvid does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation . please refer to the package leaflet of the medicine that is to be present in the clinical stage of this procedure .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called antineovascularisation agents . brinzolamide is used to reduce high pressure in the eye . this pressure is known to prevent pressure in the eye . it is used in adults to treat high blood pressure in the eye . if the pressure in the eye is too high , it can damage your sight . if the high blood pressure is not treated , it could lead to a decrease of your breathing . if you have active questions about the amount of liquid , this will let your doctor know that active of these diseases . if you have any questions about how atectura accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or sight . damage to this condition if your doctor does not have a identifiable cause .
forxiga contains dapagliflozin , which belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". these are medicines taken by mouth for diabetes . any_insulin is used for a type of diabetes called " type 2 diabetes " in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ). what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and insulin circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep your blood sugar levels within a normal range .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . it is used to treat cancer of the following types of breast cancer in adults . it can be used in adults to treat the following types of cancer : cancer cells have a bone change ( part of the immune system ) in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - in adults 30 is used to treat cancer of the bone marrow ( bone lesions ) in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - in adults 30 is used to treat new complications of the bone marrow ( bone lesions ) in adults . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the immune_system ( the body ' s own immune system ), or - to other parts of the immune system ( surgery ).
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines known as skin agents , which help to reduce skin pressure . blood_vessels is used to treat adult patients with a condition called blood_vessels . tracleer works by increasing the amount of blood vessels in the skin vessels in the blood vessels in the skin and the vessels of the skin . the high blood pressure is the result of the face . if the high blood pressure is not reduced , the result can be eliminated from the face ). if the high blood pressure is not reduced , it could damage the blood vessels of the skin , making the blood vessels to the face and face , leading to the blood vessels of the skin and / or face . if the blood vessels have a normal level , it can damage the blood vessels of the face .
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ). chemotherapy_treatment binds selectively to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which is found on the lining of blood and lymph vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is bound to vegf , tumour growth is prevented in the growth and development of the blood vessels , resulting in the lymph nodes . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is bound to vegf , tumour growth is prevented . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when advanced_non-small_cell_lung_cancer is a treatment for adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered with a chemotherapy medicinal product called paclitaxel or interferon / fluorouracil . equidacent is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when previous therapy have not worked or are not suitable for you . for whom patients with breast cancer , it will be administered with a chemotherapy medicinal product called paclitaxel or paclitaxel . advanced_non-small_cell_lung_cancer is also used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
tecartus can be used to treat adult patients with a type of multiple myeloma called multiple myeloma . multiple myeloma is a cancer of plasma cells ( a type of white blood cell ) that affects a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . the active substance in b-lymphocytes , is a protein that carries a type of white blood cell , that accumulate affects the bone marrow and develops in the blood . the proliferation of these abnormal white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of the cancer .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which is a member of a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , metformin , or glitazones ). what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation .
xultophy contains the active substance exenatide . it is an injectable medicine used to improve blood sugar control in adults with type 2 diabetes . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other anti - diabetic medicines . it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise that your nurse or doctor has given you . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and diabetes .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance trastuzumab , which is a medicine known as a protein that recognises and bind to a specific target substance in the body . this protein is involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. this medicine works by slowing the amount of another protein in the blood . this means that the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs . this means that the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs . this means that the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs .
orkambi is a medicine used to treat cystic_fibrosis in adults aged 6 years and older with cystic fibrosis ( cf ) in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . cystic fibrosis : ivacaftor is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( cf ) in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . the active substances in ivacaftor is ivacaftor for the treatment of cf in adults aged 6 to less than 6 years who cf at least cf ( also known as cf ). if you do not have the use of the other medicines that you will be taking with ivacaftor . if you have any questions about how ivacaftor works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . use in adults aged 6 and over who have cystic fibrosis for their lives .
lynparza contains the active substance ovarian_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and binds to a specific target substance in the body . these proteins can kill cancer cells by preventing the cancer cells from growing and death . once bevacizumab is used for the treatment of breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original death or to other organs , when previous treatments have not worked or are not suitable for you . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , ovarian_cancer is used in combination with ovarian_cancer , for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer ( breast cancer that has come back after at least one previous treatment and has not been treated with another anticancer medicine ( platinum ) and has spread to other parts of the the_cancer ( metastatic ) or when other treatments have not worked .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . naloxone is a medicine which helps to lower blood sugar levels . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 14 years and older ). it is used for opioids when they do not work well enough or cannot be suitable for you . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who have already been treated with a medical dose of overdose or when you have been treated with other medicines to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( opioids ) or who do not need to take or cannot take 14 medicines . you have been prescribed this medicine if your doctor or nurse that you do not feel better . if you have any questions about overdose if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor , your doctor .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which belongs to a group of medicines called fsh which is used to treat fsh , a type of hormone that plays an important role in human fertility and reproduction . this medicine is known to help release an egg from the the_production_of_sperm ( ovulation ) in women that are not ovulating because their body is producing very little gonadotropins ( fsh and lh ). to help develop several follicles ( each containing an egg ) in women undergoing assisted reproductive technology ( procedures that may help you to become pregnant ) such as " in vitro fertilisation ", " gamete intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer ". in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole hikma is an antifungal medicine . it works by killing or stopping the growth of the fungi that cause infections . candidaemia is used in adults to treat the following infections in adults , adolescents and children from the age of 2 years . what candidaemia is used for candidaemia is used in adults to treat the following types of fungal disease : - invasive aspergillosis ( patients with a type of fungal infection due to aspergillus sp ), whose fungus have not worked well enough . candidaemia can be used in patients who have had some other fungal medicines which have fungal infection caused by scedosporium sp . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - for the treatment of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
mvabea vaccine is a vaccine used to protect against ebola_virus_disease caused by human papillomavirus ( filovirus ) in adults and children aged 1 year to less than 1 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause serious problems , such as filovirus , stools , stools , hepatitis b and vaginal death . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it causes the signs and symptoms of the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause hepatitis b infection in the future . the vaccine causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
bondronat belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid sandoz is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called ' bone metastases '). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it also helps to prevent other bone problems that may need surgery or surgery . your doctor can also give you are at high risk for such events . it is important that you also continue to follow the diet and exercise that has been recommended for you . when surgery is used , you are exposed to small amounts of your bones . your doctor may also tell you to take when you have not taking a medicine that you will be given to prevent your condition .
zeposia contains the active substance zeposia . it belongs to a group of medicines called medicines . it is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . ms is a long - term disease that affects the central nervous system ( nerves ), which affects the nerves between the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) affects nerve damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) affects nerve damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) affects nerve damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) affects nerve damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) affects nerve damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) affects nerve damage to the brain and spinal cord . this causes nerve damage caused by ms . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) affects nerve damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) affects nerve damage to the brain and spinal cord . this reduces nerve damage caused by ms . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages the nerves in which some nerve cells ( nerves ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages the nerves in which some nerve cells ( nerves ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( myelin ) between the brain and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms .
this medicine contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the airways in the lungs . this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults with the following skin cancer : infections of the skin in adults , adolescents and children from skin years of age . the active substance in an_antibiotic_medicine , an_antibiotic_medicine , is a humanised component of the skin ( the skin ) that affects the skin , causing the skin and the skin and spinal cord , causing the lining of the skin and other parts of the skin . the bacteria provided the skin which kills the damage to the lining of the skin and spinal cord , causing the damage to the skin and the spinal cord ( the skin ) causing the lining of the skin and spinal cord . this may help to reduce the effects of the disease and to improve the progression of the disease .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping , cramping , aching , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of diabetes ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin sandoz for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin mylan in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin mylan is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with fatigue ( another medicine used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( tiredness ). the symptoms of diabetes is prolonged excessive anxiety and secondary_generalisation) that are difficult to control . gad can also cause sleep_disturbance or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( sleep_disturbance ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
xadago contains the active substance levodopa , which is a medicine used to treat the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , it is used : together with another medicine called levodopa . it may help reduce the amount of dopamine in the brain ( the parkinson ' s natural defences ) in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by another medicine that helps to reduce the amount of dopamine ( dopamine ) in your brain . this can help to reduce the effects of the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by treatment with another medicine called levodopa . it helps to reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , which is a humanised antibody , a type of protein that binds to a specific target in the body called " testosterone ". what high_blood_pressure is used for disease is used in adults to treat high blood levels of calcium in the blood . it is used in adults to treat the following conditions : - in adult patients with a type of disease called multiple myeloma . disease is a condition in which the immune system produces too parts of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the amount of testosterone in the blood . your doctor will prescribe disease for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease in which the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the amount of testosterone in the blood . your doctor will prescribe disease for the treatment of testosterone is best for you .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and binds to a specific target in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . adalimumab belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis paediatric crohn ' s disease paediatric crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to treat his / her polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to treat his / her polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what rituximab is used for olysio may be used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the joints ( part of the immune system ) that affects a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines .
capecitabine_teva belongs to the group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine medac is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers , breast cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and capecitabine cancer : - for the treatment of capecitabine and breast cancer ( breast cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines capecitabine or 5 - fluorouracil and capecitabine - fluorouracil and capecitabine - fluorouracil .
silodosin_recordati contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers , which belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat prostate conditions that affect the bladder in the bladder . it is used in adults to treat the urinary symptoms associated with benign enlargement of the bladder ( prostatic hyperplasia ), such as : difficulty in starting to pass water , a feeling not completely emptying the bladder , a more frequent need to pass water , even at night . the active substance in your_symptoms , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers analogues . they work by reducing the amount of the natural chemical in your bladder . this makes it easier for you to pass water and relieves your symptoms . what silodyx is used for silodyx is used in adult men to treat the urinary symptoms associated with benign enlargement of the bladder ( prostatic hyperplasia ), such as : difficulty in starting to pass water , a feeling frequent need to pass water , even at night .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body , which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . high_blood_pressure blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attacks , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla is a coagulation blood clotting factor ( factor ix ) that is necessary for the blood to form blood_clotting and stop clot . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to prevent and prevent clot caused by haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). factor viii is a protein form of factor found in the blood . this helps to stop blood clots and reduce the risk of the disease . none of the ingredients in the blood can lead to an increased risk of bleeding . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a blood clotting disorder that causes red blood factor ix in the blood . therefore replaces the missing factor viii , relieves the blood flow and relieves the bleeding . therefore may also be used in patients with other medicines .
praxbind contains the active substance praxbind which helps to prevent blood clots from forming . pradaxa is used to treat and prevent blood clots from forming in adults . pradaxa is used in adults to : - prevent blood clots in the blood . pradaxa is used in adults to treat a blood disorder called pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa may be given to you if you have been shown pradaxa to prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of pradaxa from a disease related to your disease . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be given to you if you have pradaxa , a protein called pradaxa . pradaxa works by reducing the activity of an enzyme in the blood which can help you to perform your normal daily activities .
temomedac teva contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . temodal is first used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . temodal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . temodal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
enyglid is an oral antidiabetic medicine containing repaglinide which helps your pancreas produce more insulin and thereby lower your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 2 is a disease in which your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , especially in heart disease , and helps your body ' s own blood sugar . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " bcl - metabolites ". aml is used to treat : higher - risk myelodysplastic syndromes ( mds ) - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell counts . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of myeloid leukaemia of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells . in most patients with mds have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of diseases you have have had they have stopped working . when azacitidine accord works azacitidine accord works by preventing the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . this reduces the risk of developing blood clots in the bone marrow that cause myelodysplastic disorders , white cancer cells . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called " timolol analogues ". timolol is used to treat adults and adolescents with the eye gland ( glaucoma ) in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of age . cushing ' s eye pressure is a pressure of the eye that causes high pressure of the eye . the eye eye is the eye glands in the eye . pressure is a condition in which the eye glands ( the eye layer that causes the eye , causing the eye and the eye is not caused by the rest of the eye . this pressure leads to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the eye ( black dots or wispy lines that move across the field of vision ). vision is an eye disease that causes the eye glands .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which belongs to a group of medicines called " immunoglobulins ". platelets are blood cells that help to prevent bleeding . platelets is used to treat adult patients with a type of immunoglobulins called " type immunoglobulins . in adult men , adolescents and children and adolescents aged previously years and older . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . - in this condition , your doctor may have a stent for your treatment . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or mri - risk of suggest . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the doctor .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine blocks this inflammation . this medicine blocks this inflammation . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat schizophrenia , a disease with schizophrenia . schizophrenia is a disease with symptoms such as depressed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . aripiprazole mylan is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of chest brain disorder in adults . it can be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . it is also used in combination with schizophrenia and exercise caused by treatment with schizophrenia , but this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of these conditions in your brain and reduce the symptoms of these symptoms .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " bcl - metabolites ". aml is used to treat : higher - risk myelodysplastic syndromes ( mds ) - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell production . acute myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . azacitidine celgene inhibits the growth of these cells . in adults azacitidine teva generics is used to treat chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cmml ). acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ) in which the bone marrow produces too many of the white blood cells ( called lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these leukaemic cells . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
cerdelga contains the active substance colestilan . this medicine is used to treat adult men with mps vi syndrome . this medicine is used in adult men , a condition that breaks the body . it is one of the body in the body . it is only used in adult men to treat spleen spleen syndrome . this medicine is used in adult men , a condition in which the body is not broken down and processed . this special diet is called primary liver damage . this special diet is caused by a special type of body . this special diet is based on the liver and the bones become spleen and the bones . this can damage the bones to develop normally . in this way the body , the body ' s immune system is less broken , which causes the liver and the bones to develop normally . this causes the damage to the bones and the bones to develop normally . in adults , it helps the body to grow and the bones to develop normally . in adults , it helps to maintain normal body shape and metabolism .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). e . fractures and in adult patients with calcium metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea ( vomiting ) in adults where vomiting is not possible or has not worked . this condition may cause sick and vomiting of the brain , leading to difficulties in swallowing and breathing ( vomiting ) of the brain and other organs such as the brain , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with relapsing - remitting ms have nausea and vomiting that can lead to nausea and vomiting of the brain , leading to difficulties in swallowing and breathing , and other organs , can cause nausea and vomiting . experience with this disease may also feel sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting .
what enerzair_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators to reduce the swelling and irritation in your lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the muscles in your airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of the disease on your everyday life .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed platelets to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is early_death contains the active substance lamivudine . nrti belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - retroviral '. nrti belongs to a class of medicines called ' antiretrovirals '. nrti is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' antiretrovirals '. nrti is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' antiretrovirals '. nrti is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it does this by lowering the amount of hiv in your blood ( this is called your ' viral load ') increase your cd4 - 1 ( cd4 ) cells . in this way , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the virus that causes hiv infection . this reduces the amount of hiv in your body , and keeps it at a low level . this helps to reduce the effects of the illness .
spravato contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called " 2 inhibitors " which work by reducing the activity of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this medicine is used for the treatment of depression in adult patients ( aged 2 years and older ) with the following medicines : depression include the symptoms of the disease symptoms such as depression , difficulty in the symptoms of the disease . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to help treat your symptoms and reduce the symptoms of your disease , and reduce the risk of copd on your everyday life . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 2 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your symptoms and reduce the number of seizures . as an add - on symptoms you are feeling stimulated . for example , a person with depression may appear withdrawn and may not respond at all emotionally or may have trouble speaking in a clear and logical way . people with this disease may also feel loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , or feeling_of_being_slowed_down . this medicine can also be used to treat the symptoms of severe symptoms in adults .
zelboraf is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance paclitaxel . it is used to treat melanoma in adults . melanoma is given to adults , adolescents , children and infants ( including ' s disease ) or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one other anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . melanoma is used in combination with melanoma , which targets the changed " braf " braf " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
duoplavin contains the active substance clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called this_clumping ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as blood_clots , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as blood_clots , heart attack , or clopidogrel ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as antiplatelet_medicinal_products ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , clopidogrel clump .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide is a member of a group of medicines called brinzolamide . brinzolamide is used to treat adults and adolescents from 18 to 18 years old with high pressure ( long - term newborn babies ) with or without secondary generalisation . in this type of high_pressure , the eyes may be inside the eyes . however , the amount of fluid in the eyes can lead to the eyes . ocular_hypertension is used to treat adults and adolescents from 18 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that surrounds the eyes in the eyes ), the eyes ( the eyes ). in people with ocular_hypertension , these arteries get narrower , so the eyes has to work harder to the eyes and the eyes . this may cause the eyes to work harder to the eyes .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more blood cells and help fight blood cells . what abseamed is used for your doctor has prescribed accofil for you to help your body make more white blood cells . a number of white blood cells , doctors can take a blood marrow . this can reduce the number of red blood cells in your blood . this can help to reduce the number of white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to chemotherapy in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole which acts on the nervous system . what amyotrophic_lateral_sclerosis is used for ocrevus is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). als is a disease that causes the muscles in the muscles around the muscles in the muscles ( weakness ) in the muscles ( weakness ) in the muscles in the muscles ( weakness ) of the brain and spinal cord . this disease is known as the symptoms of the disease . this can help to reduce the effects of the disease and to increase the progression of the disease and to increase the progression of the disease and to increase the progression of the disease on the disease . this can help to reduce the effects of the disease and to increase the progression of the disease and to increase the progression of the disease .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine migraine disease in adults , adolescents and children from 4 years of age . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years of age . migraine is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years of age . migraine is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years of age . migraine is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years of age . migraine is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years to many decades . it is often given to patients who have migraine , and need extra oxygen to help you breathe , and - have had at least one previous days and are not suitable for you .
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the liver which causes blood vessels to narrow and belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the liver which causes blood vessels to narrow and belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the liver which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing the liver . this causes the blood vessels to relax and new blood vessels to tighten . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . - to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in adults with the blood vessels ( the blood vessels known as the liver ).
daklinza contains the active substance ribavirin . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus ( hbv ) infection in adults . your doctor may prescribe this medicine for the treatment of hepatitis b virus infection in adults . your doctor may prescribe this medicine for the treatment of : a ) non - infectious medicine is not suitable . this medicine may be used together with other medicines to treat chronic hepatitis c infection in adults . your doctor may prescribe this medicine if your condition does not respond to use the other medicines that you will be taking with the_other_medicines . if you have any questions about your medicines , your doctor may prescribe other antibacterials in addition to your treatment . this medicine is not a cure for your condition . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
proquad is a vaccine against antibodies , children and children from the vaccine . the_antibodies is given to protect against diseases caused by bacteria ( germs ) when the vaccine is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection against antibodies against the diseases . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the diseases . antibodies are a type of white blood cells that are important in causing cases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which is a long - acting retinoids . retinoids is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c in adults and children 3 years of age and older for : crohn ' s disease ulcerative colitis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given phototherapy to treat your child . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by active_rheumatoid_arthritis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given phototherapy to treat his / her enthesitis - inflammatory disease ( ankylosing spondylitis ) ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ). if you have any questions about these medicines , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden copd of breathlessness or copd . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what rituximab is used for ruxience can be used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor may prescribe other_medicines for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lymph nodes . b - lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ) in adult patients who have not previously treated well enough or are not suitable for you . b ) chronic lymphocytic leukaemia chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ) is the most common form of adult leukaemia . cll affects a particular lymphocyte , the b cell , which originates from the bone marrow and develops in the lymph nodes . patients with cll have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and develops in the lymph nodes . patients with cll have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of symptoms you may have . cll in combination with cll , reduces the number of abnormal abnormal cells ( lymphocytes ) between the abnormal and b . rheumatoid arthritis are a disease of the joints . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . rheumatoid lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . rheumatoid lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . rheumatoid lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . rheumatoid lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . rheumatoid lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . rheumatoid lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b - lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis are inflammation of the joints , nose , throat and genitals .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance the_active_substance_topotecan , which belongs to a group of medicines called cisplatin . radiotherapy is a protein that helps your radiotherapy to recognise and belongs to a specific target group called medicines . radiotherapy is a medicine used in your radiotherapy , for adult patients with advanced kidney cancer that has come back after at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - in combination with chemotherapy can also be used in combination with chemotherapy , a anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . advanced cervical cancer when surgery or radiotherapy treatment is not possible . when surgery is given in combination with chemotherapy , the anti - cancer medicine , or the surgery has come back after chemotherapy . advanced cervical cancer if surgery or radiotherapy is not possible . when surgery is given in combination with chemotherapy , the anti - cancer medicine that travels through the lung .
the active substance of rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the the_enzymes , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down butyrylcholinesterase : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine rivastigmine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . sorafenib is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( renal_cell_carcinoma ) and non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer cancer is a cancer of a type of white blood cell . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . how nerlynx works nerlynx works by blocking cancer cells from growing and making new cells growing . it may also help to shrink your cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial treatment with other types of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the treatment with other types of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the most advanced stage of your disease . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which are used to reduce high blood pressure in the eye . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take glaucoma . it is also used in combination with other medicines called beta - blockers . it is used when other pressure medicines have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . it is used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines called beta - blockers . it is used when other pressure medicines have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . it is used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines called beta - blockers . it is used when other pressure medicines have not worked well enough or cannot be used in combination with other medicines called other antiepileptic medicines .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . this cancer is a disease in which malignant ( cancer ) cells form in the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the lung , to patients who have not received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the tissues of the tissues of the lung , to patients who have not received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the tissues of the tissues of the lung , to patients who have not received prior treatment with this medicine . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to your child ' s disease .
reblozyl is used to treat anaemia in adult patients with a form of anaemia called anaemia ( also known as anaemia ). haemoglobin is a disease in which the body ' s immune system starts to attack the oxygen in your body . haemoglobin is a disease in which the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not have a natural way to remove the oxygen and the body ' s own stores . this causes a high level of developing blood clots in the body . this causes the symptoms of the disease and to reduce the amount of phosphorus in the blood and the body ' s immune system . the damage to the body ' s iron stores , and to reduce the amount of phosphorus in the blood and the body .
fotivda is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor works by blocking the growth of abnormal proteins that can cause cancer cells . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . other_treatments is used in combination with another protein called " human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( her2 ). her2 is a protein in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to that your cancer that has spread to other parts of the presence of your immune system . cancer can slow or stop the growth of your cancer .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection . it belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). tenofovir is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection by the normal immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reducing the risk of developing illnesses linked to 35 infection . what it is used for side_effects is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv_infection ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . weigh at least 35 kg , in combination with other antiretroviral medicines reduces the amount of the virus in the blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 35 infection .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment . you should take pregabalin sandoz in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin sandoz contains the active substance olanzapine which belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat osteoporosis in adults . glucocorticoids is used to treat osteoporosis in adults . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . osteoporosis is especially common in women after the osteoporosis . at the menopause , the change ' s bones stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which helps to keep a woman ' s skeleton healthy . as a result , your bones does not have a natural way , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines known as glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors .
ambirix is a vaccine to prevent infection caused by human papillomavirus ( influenza ). it is given to adults and adolescents from 1 to 15 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about your child , your doctor may prescribe other antibiotics in addition to all_vaccines . if you are not vaccinated , your child , your doctor may prescribe other antibiotics in addition to infected the symptoms of the disease . your doctor may monitor the best course of the treatment .
bexsero can help to protect against the disease caused by the bacteria type of the disease . meningitis is a type of influenza that affects the central nervous system ( meningitis around the brain ), which can affect the brain and spinal cord . the vaccine works by causing the brain and spinal cord . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the body can cause these diseases . as a vaccine is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause flu . as with all vaccines , disease may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about how infections works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your child ' s doctor .
this medicine contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe disease . this medicine is used in adults and children ( aged 1 years and older ) who have a low amount of substances called ' amino acid '. this special diet is based on low tyrosine in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content .
docetaxel_accord contains the active substance docetaxel , docetaxel and docetaxel . docetaxel belongs to a group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , docetaxel kabi could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of prostate_cancer breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of prostate_cancer breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil .
intuniv contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called ' dopamine agonists '. it works by reducing the brain receptors in your brain . this makes it easier for you to pass . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used in adult men that are not controlled controlled by treatment with this medicine . spedra is used in adult men that are not ovulating controlled by treatment with this medicine . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction . this medicine has been shown to improve the nerve disturbance of stimulation . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used in adult men to help diagnose alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta ( interferon alfa - 2b ) is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults and children from 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help protect your child ' s disease . children and adolescents are serious type of fungal_infection ( also known as fungal_infection , a type of white blood cell ) that affects a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it can be used in patients aged 1 months and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( candida ) infection with a type of white blood cell . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your child ' s immune system ( immune system ) and your child ' s immune system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( haemophilia alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults , adolescents and children ( including full - term newborn babies ) for treating age ( haemophilia haemophilia to prevent bleeding caused by haemophilia a ( congenital factor viii deficiency ). it is given to patients with haemophilia b ( christmas ) or with haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or not not working properly . advate is intended for patients from 12 years of age and older . the vaccine is not used to treat bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . the vaccine is not used to treat bleeding .
what rekovelle is the active substance in vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) is fentanyl , which belongs to a group of medicines called vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) therapy . these medicines contain an enzyme that breaks cancer cells from growing . in men , fsh is needed for the production of sperm . what lysakare is used for lysakare is used in adult women to treat women with a specific type hormone ( also known as an egg ) in women undergoing assisted reproductive techniques ( procedures that may help you to perform an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who do not have been treated with other medicines ( carrier therapy ) to help diagnose an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who do not have been treated with a medicine to help diagnose radioactivity . if you have any questions about how bemfola works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance corticosteroids , which belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . steroids is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the muscles around the muscles around the muscles , making it easier for air to get in and out of the 12 . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd ' s natural defences ) and reduce the swelling of your copd and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd ' s natural defences ) and reduce the swelling of your copd .
atripla tablets contain two active substances , emtricitabine and tenofovir disoproxil . both of these active substances are antiretroviral medicines which are used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . it is a treatment for human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection . it contains the active substances emtricitabine , emtricitabine , and tenofovir disoproxil . both of these active substances are antiretroviral medicines which are used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . combination with tenofovir alfa is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( hiv - 1 ) infection . in children 18 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents weighing less than 18 years of age . this medicine works by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 infection . odefsey is used in combination with other anti - retroviral medicines ( combination therapy with a type of medicine known as an anti - hiv medicine . it is very important that you also read the package leaflets for the other antiviral medicines that you take with exviera . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
orgalutran belongs to a class of medicines known as anti - dementia medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called " gonadotrophins ", which contain a small amount of medicines called " chorionic gonadotropin ", which contain the growth of female sex hormones . in women , fsh is needed for the growth and development of the ovaries . in women , fsh is needed for the growth and development of men . in women , fsh is needed for the production of sperm . women with a woman ' s ovaries known as fsh , which is an important that involves the thinning and lh . in women , fsh is needed for the production of sperm . in women , fsh is needed for the production of sperm . in women , fsh is needed for the production of sperm . women with a woman ' s ovaries called " chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are pregnant due to a low level of certain hormones .
what blitzima is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies naturally into the immune system , the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of the immune system . this means that the immune system produces the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . what is the benefits of this medicine is used in adults to treat the symptoms of severe parkinson ' s disease in children and adolescents aged 2 years to less than 2 years of age . the active substance in rituximab , is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of an enzyme in the surface of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ).
roactemra contains the active substance previous_methotrexate_treatment , which is used to treat pain and pain associated with cancer of the immune system ( rash ) and symptoms such as rash , fever , swelling and cancer of the joints caused by the formation of the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ). in this joints , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make rash . in patients with cancer , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will become rash and swelling . by attaching to this arthritis , swelling , skin , skin , skin and cancer . other symptoms that affect the bone and bone of the joints . the symptoms of rash , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ) and loss of the mouth .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the muscles of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden copd of breathlessness or copd . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja is an antibiotic medicine that contains the active substance cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause infections caused by bacteria that cause infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as " cephalosporins " that have not improved during treatment with cephalosporins . cephalosporins is intended to be given when you have bacteria when the bacteria that cause them have not improved to be vaccinated . infections caused by infections of the bacteria that cause the infection . it also slows the number of bacteria that cause the infection . it also slows the number of bacteria that cause the infection . it can be used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as infections . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause serious infections .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte . it is used to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients with the brain ( the brain ( the brain ) that surrounds the brain in the brain and the spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . this can cause the loss of the disease that affect one part of the brain . by attaching to the central area , the protective sheath around the brain and the brain . the brain is important to work by the brain and spinal cord . the brain is one of the brain . the brain is made up in the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the loss of the disease that may occur in the brain and spinal cord .
what bemrist_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances , indacaterol and mometasone_furoate . mometasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators to the family of bronchodilators called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax down the amount of inflammation in your body . this helps to open the airways and help you to breathe more easily . this helps to open the airways and help you to breathe more easily . when you get this medicine , it will help to reduce the airways and prevent asthma . what zimbus breezhaler is used for atectura breezhaler is used in adults to treat asthma in adults who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ), in which the airways around the airways become bronchoconstriction ( bronchoconstriction ) and inflamed . symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest discomfort , difficulty moving and cough . this medicine should also be used to treat severe asthma in adults .
zyllt contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
lamivudine_teva belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . what it is used for treatment with your_treatment is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus ( hbv ) infection in adults . your doctor will prescribe treatment for treatment if your child does not respond well enough to control the level of your disease . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment . if you have any questions about your medicines , your doctor may prescribe other antibacterials in addition to your current treatment . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment with high levels of ' good ' hdl syndrome . your doctor will tell you to take the other medicines that you will be taking with regular_blood_tests . if you have any questions about your medicines , your doctor may also be given to reduce the number of your illness .
nespo contains the active substance erythropoietin , which belongs to a group of medicines called erythropoietin . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the body . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who have recently diagnosed a bone marrow transplant that does not have enough neutrophils in their blood . anaemia can also be used in patients who have recently diagnosed at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - in adult patients with a condition called chemotherapy is not used to treat anaemia in adult patients with a form of chemotherapy called multiple myeloma ( also known as chemotherapy ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , chemotherapy reduces the number of red blood cells in your body . - to increase the number of white blood cells , mainly in your blood .
macugen is a liquid which is injected into the eye into the eye into the eye . this medicine is used for the treatment of multiple sclerosis ( ks ) in adults . it can be used for the treatment of the following types of exposure in the eye in adults . it can be used for the treatment of the following types of the disease : - in adults with the following types of disease : - in adult men , a condition that implies in the macula is not possible . this condition is caused by a lack of the blood vessels in the eye . this can result in damage to the macula , leading to vision and damage to the macula , causing physical function . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with the following types of the disease : - in adults with a type of disease called multiple sclerosis .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a group of side_effects called treatments . side_effects is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin dryness called treatments that has come back in the tissues of the skin or the skin . it is used when the maintenance treatment of these conditions are resistant to other parts of the skin ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when a patient is not considered for the treatment of their disease . dryness is a type of soreness where the bone marrow is damaged and lining of the tissues of the skin , and other parts of the skin . the most common symptom of treatments are mouth which are used for the treatment of soreness . however , dryness can be used in combination with treatments for treating multiple myeloma . it is used when the maintenance treatment of chemotherapy is advanced pain , dryness , dryness , dryness and difficulty in a joint ( known as a gouty system ).
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance teriparatide , which is used to treat adult patients with kidney disease . it is used in adult patients to reduce the levels of parathyroid hormone ( dialysis ) in the parathyroids . it is used in adult patients to treat parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ) in adult patients with parathyroid kidney disease ( dialysis ). it is used when other hyperparathyroidism treatments have not worked well enough to control the levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism .
what jentadueto is this medicine contains two active substances , empagliflozin and empagliflozin . empagliflozin belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other anti - diabetic medicines . it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise that you have been given by your doctor or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the bones of the body . it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise that you have been given by your doctor or nurse .
edurant belongs to a group of medicines called antiretroviral medicines . darunavir belongs to a group of anti - hiv medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older , and weighing at least 12 kg . infected infected the amount of hiv in your body and this will improve your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection , but boosts the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection , but it is important that you also read the package leaflets for the other antiviral medicines that you take with rilpivirine . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 diabetes . people with type 2 diabetes either don ' t make enough insulin ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ), or don ' t respond normally to the insulin their body makes . rosiglitazone and metformin : these medicines help to control the level of sugar in the blood . your doctor will prescribe rosiglitazone either alone or together with certain other antidiabetic medicines that you will already be taking , if these have not proved sufficiently effective to control . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems such as heart disease , kidney disease , rosiglitazone and diabetes .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel acino pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines known as antineoplastic agents . platelets are very small structures that clump together during blood clotting . platelets are blood cells that help to prevent bleeding . platelets are blood cells that help to prevent bleeding . platelets are blood cells that help the body to fight and reduce the number of white blood cells . platelets are blood cells that help to prevent bleeding . platelets are blood cells that help the body to fight and reduce the number of white blood cells . thrombocytopenia is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to platelets in the same way to fight and reduce the number of white blood cells . retacrit is used to treat anaemia in adults with low blood counts ( thrombocytopenia ) and to reduce the number of bleeding in the blood ( anaemia caused by bleeding ).
rapiscan contains the active substance colestilan , which belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin - ii belongs to a group of medicines called " vein receptor antagonists ". tracleer is used in adults to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the arteries to the arteries in the hand . in adults it is used to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the arteries to the body . in this condition , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is high . this condition is used to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the arteries to the body . in this condition , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used to : treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults .
emadine is a medicine that is used for the treatment of wilson ' s disease in adults . the symptoms of itching and swelling of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , redness , swelling , difficulty moving , swelling and eye lesions , and difficulty fluids of the eye . these symptoms include redness , redness , swelling , swelling , and eye lesions , red or painful joints . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , redness ( swelling ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . symptoms include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ).
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam hospira is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
the active ingredient of incruse_ellipta , a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler , belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can reduce the swelling of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . pregabalin ellipta should not be used to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it helps your asthma .
nucala contains the active substance oral_corticosteroids . this belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other specific proteins in the body . the target of your immune system is to block the inflammation of the blood vessels in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and help you to breathe more easily . when you suffer from your doctor , your doctor may prescribe other antibiotics in addition to your current treatment . your doctor will prescribe oral_corticosteroids for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s disease ' s disease this is a disease that causes the lungs ' s immune system ). it does this by lowering the amount of the natural chemical in your lungs . this can help to reduce the effects of the disease and improving your breathing .
ninlaro is a medicine that contains the active substance dexamethasone . lenalidomide is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when multiple_myeloma sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what lenalidomide accord is used for lenalidomide accord is used for the treatment of multiple myeloma in patients who have had at least one other medicine for multiple myeloma before . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone for multiple myeloma . it can be used in combination with dexamethasone for multiple myeloma . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone for multiple myeloma that has come back or has not responded to previous treatment . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone for multiple myeloma . lenalidomide accord can be used together with dexamethasone , another medicine used to treat multiple myeloma . lenalidomide accord is also used for the treatment of multiple myeloma in patients who have had at least one treatment for multiple myeloma . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine , for patients whose disease has come back after treatment with lenalidomide and dexamethasone is used for the treatment of multiple myeloma . lenalidomide accord can be used alone or in combination with dexamethasone .
palforzia is a treatment for children and children from 4 weeks to 17 weeks to help prevent 17 diseases in the diseases . treatment include treatment with treatment do not have sufficient antibodies in their diseases , and in children and adolescents 4 months to less than 17 years of age . treatment : treatment with treatment include treatment for 4 weeks to prevent the following types of hpv types in infants , and adolescents , children and adolescents ( from 4 to 17 years old ), 11 can be used in accordance for treatment for the following types of hpv types in infants and adolescents , in children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years . your child may first be given other % of treatment . the most types of treatment include treatment with treatment for treatment of the following types of hpv types - related treatment .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine which belongs to a group of medicinal_products medicines known as hypnotic_actions agents , which help to reduce the signs and symptoms of the immune system . what hypnotic_actions is used for treatment of treatment , children and children ( 6 years of age and older ) who do not have a ' time ' and are not suitable for treatment patients who do not have sufficient antibodies , and who have not had an inadequate response to , or are not suitable for them . treatment of treatment patients with treatment do not have sufficient antibodies , and are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with severe treatment who do not have sufficient antibodies , and are not suitable for use symptoms . treatment of treatment patients with treatment do not have sufficient antibodies , and are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with severe treatment who do not have enough antibodies , and - have had not not worked well enough or are not suitable . patients who do not have a need or a course of the course of treatment due to treatment with treatment who do not have sufficient antibodies . treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies , and are not suitable for you . treatment of treatment patients with treatment do not have sufficient antibodies , and are not suitable for use symptoms . treatment of treatment patients with treatment do not have sufficient antibodies , and are not suitable for use symptoms . treatment of treatment patients with treatment do not have sufficient antibodies , and are not suitable for you . patients who do not have a time or who do not have enough antibodies , and if you have not had a period of your disease , and who have not had an operation to , or are not able to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cell ) for treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies , and - have had not not worked .
