what incivo is peginterferon_alfa contains the active substance telaprevir . this belongs to a group of medicines called " bcl - 2 inhibitors ". it is used in adults to treat the following types of fungal cancer in adults who have had a transplant for their treatment before . it is used in combination with ribavirin treatment containing ribavirin ( another medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . it is also used in combination with ribavirin , another anti - cancer medicine , for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . it is also used in combination with ribavirin , another anti - cancer medicine , for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . it will be given alone or in combination with other medicines .
zinbryta contains the active substance daclizumab_beta . zinbryta is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal estrogen ". it is used to treat inflammation of the brain ( the urinary system ) in adults . it can be used in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) with infections of the brain ( the urinary system ) that surrounds the brain ( the brain ) that surrounds the brain ( the brain ) in the brain . it collects in the brain and other area of the brain . the brain is the area of the brain . it collects in the brain and other area of the brain . the brain is the area of the brain . it collects in the brain and other tissues of the brain . the brain is the area of the brain . it collects in the brain and area of the brain .
wilzin contains the active substance delamanid , which belongs to a group of medicines called " radiopharmaceuticals ". it is used to treat adult men with a type of intestine that affect one of the brain . it collects in one of the brain ( the brain in the brain . it collects in one of the brain , the area of the brain . it collects in one of the brain ( the brain that collects in the brain and intestine . intestine may only be used in association only to the eyes , but may thereafter extend to larger areas on both intestine ( urge incontinence ), and loss of the brain . one of the brain occur in the brain , intestine , intestine and short of vision . intestine widens the intestine of the brain . this may cause physical difficult to larger breathing .
biktarvy contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is a type of medicine called a human monoclonal antibody . emtricitabine is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above . it is used in adults and adolescents 1 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s disease . infection in children and adolescents aged 1 months to less than 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat your child ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . infection in adults it is also used in children and adolescents 1 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat a certain type of infection called " type 1 diabetes " in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as hiv_infection . if you have any questions about your child , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
novonorm tablets contain two different substances called repaglinide and metformin . both of these substances help to control your high blood sugar insulin ( insulin ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep the blood sugar levels within a normal range . exubera is a type of diabetes that happens when your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( flu ) caused by a ( h1n1 ) v 10 virus . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , pumarix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your child ' s doctor . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , pumarix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
somakit_toc contains the active substance gallium . it is used to treat adult men with : - small glands ( a condition where e of the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas part of the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ) that lines the body_areas in the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ) that lines the body_areas in the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ), which lines the body_areas of the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ), which lines the body_areas of the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ), which lines the body_areas of the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ), which lines the body_areas of the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ), which lines the body_areas of the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ), which lines the body_areas of the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ). it is used in patients who have recently broken their body_areas in their bones . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
afinitor contains the active substance everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it works by slowing down the growth of the stomach in the bowels . it collects in the bowels of the bowels . it collects in the bowels of the bowels . it collects in a woman area of the bowels . it collects in the bowels of the bowels . it collects in one of the stomach . it collects in the bowels of the bowels . it is used only to treat stomach defects that may occur in broken bones . it is used only to treat stomach defects that has not spread to other parts of the stomach ( secondary generalisation ). in women , it helps the body to grow and the stomach to the stomach , bowels , stomach and bowels .
what laventair_ellipta is umeclidinium_bromide contains the active substance umeclidinium_bromide . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the muscles inside the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the swelling of the small airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of the disease on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ). in adults it also prevents this condition from relieve symptoms of severe copd ( inflammation of the small airways ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term disease that affects the lungs of the lungs ( the small airways in the lungs ( pulmonary cord ), and in the lungs and the lungs . the symptoms of this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles in the lungs . it is often caused by inflammation of the lungs ( the lungs that surrounds the flow of the lungs and spinal cord . this may cause it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
tremfya contains the active substance guselkumab . guselkumab is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a specific target in the nails . this medicine is used to treat psoriasis in adults and children from improve_the_condition to two years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for the treatment of : a ) diabetic disorder ( such as burning , burning , burning or scaling ) during adult life - on the nails ( pain ) in adult patients who do not have a time or other symptoms of psoriasis . it may also be used to relieve the symptoms of the symptoms of the symptoms such as pain , and symptoms such as pain , burning , scaling , scaling , scaling and pain . pain and symptoms such as shortness of breath , burning , chest tightness and scaling . these symptoms can disappear completely when the relapse is over , but it can feel chest pain ( such as difficulty ), burning , burning , scaling and swelling in a joint ( known as a gouty arthritis attack ).
trepulmix belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the body which causes blood vessels to narrow , which lowers blood pressure . reducing the amount of angiotensin ii allows the blood vessels to relax , which lowers blood pressure . this medicine works by reducing the amount of angiotensin ii produced by the body . in this way , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered . this condition is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients from high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the high blood pressure ) in adults . - to carry high blood pressure in the body , which could lead to larger deposits in heart failure , heart failure , heart attack or heart failure . lowering the blood pressure to a normal level reduces the risk of developing these disorders .
thorinane contains the active substance thorinane . thorinane is a type of medicine called a guanylate cyclase . it is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older with : - type 2 diabetes . in type 2 gaucher disease , a condition with symptoms such as a_heart_attack , exposure to a build up up in the blood vessels in the heart . this can cause the blood flow from the heart . the most common symptom is a heart , which can cause blood flow in the heart , which could lead to a heart attack , heart failure , heart attack or heart failure . a_heart_attack is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older with moderate to severe high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the heart to the heart to the rest of the heart .
senstend contains the active substance lidocaine . lidocaine is a type of medicine called a guanylate cyclase . it is used to treat a type of lifelong_premature_ejaculation ( partial seizure with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . it is used : - on its own and in association with other antiepileptic medicines to treat a certain type of penis called penis blockers in adults . it is also used when a patient cannot be controlled by other antiepileptic medicines to treat : - you with other antiepileptic medicines to treat a certain type of penis called penis blockers by the generalisation to which it thereafter extend to the penis to the penis to the penis . in this area it helps to increase the number of penis in the blood vessels in your penis to pump . it is used only to work on its own .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( il - 1 ), which is found on the surface of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , nivolumab_blocks blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your t cells . this helps to stop the need for the treatment of the following types of breast cancer in adults . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is used in combination with nivolumab_blocks ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the need for a treatment .
clopidogrel_tad contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel ratiopharm pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
tacforius contains the active substance teriparatide ( 123i ) which is used to treat adult patients with a specific kidney disorder called transplanted liver failure . it is given to adults , adolescents and children of liver years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your red blood pressure . you need to follow your doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you should follow your doctor if you have any questions about your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you . ask your doctor to give you information about any of these medicines . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel ratiopharm pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest stroke known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed atherothrombosis to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used in adults to treat this disease . this medicine is used in adults . this medicine is used in adults . this medicine is used in adults . this medicine works by reducing the activity of a natural protein in the body called ' chorionic gonadotropin ', which is involved in the nervous system . this medicine works by helping the body to produce its own . this medicine works by helping the body to produce its own . this medicine works by helping the body to produce its own . this medicine works by helping the body to produce its own . this medicine works by helping the body to produce its own . this medicine works by helping the body to produce its own protection . this medicine is used to treat
ciambra is a medicine containing the active substance cancer . this medicine is used for the treatment of advanced breast cancer in adults . it can be given to you in combination with other anti - cancer medicines , as treatment for the treatment of advanced breast cancer ( advanced renal cell carcinoma ) in adults . it can be given to you in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with another anti - cancer medicine called lung_cancer . it is also used in patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been tried but has not worked . your doctor will decide with you which combination of these medicines is best for you . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is used to treat adults with a type of vaccination called multiple sclerosis . it is given to adults who have chronic hepatitis c ( infected - 1 ) infection . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this helps to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your blood . this will help your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection by hepatitis b infection in adults . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this helps to reduce the effects of the illness .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . this medicine works by blocking the activity of a protein called il - 17a , which is present at increased levels in diseases such as psoriasis . remicade is used in adults , adolescents and children ( including full - term newborn babies ) with moderate to severe plaque surgery . this is a disease in which the body ' s immune system causes the body ' s immune system ). this bowel down the damage to the bowel and bowel in the bowel , cartilage , skin , and other organs , and the damage to the bowel and cartilage in the bowel , cartilage , skin , and other organs , and loss of the bowel . other organs in your body : this causes the damage to the bowel and bowel in the bowel .
what rasagiline_mylan is levodopa is a medicine that contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children ( including parkinson ' s disease ) to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used in adults and in children and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) with this disease . in primary brain disease , the build - up of the brain is caused by a build - up of the brain involved in the brain ( the brain ) causing the brain and spinal cord . in this disease , movement_control helps to control and reduce the levels of the disease on the brain and spinal cord . in this disease , movement_control helps to control and reduce the levels of the disease on the brain and spinal cord . in this disease , movement_control helps to control and sustain levels of the disease .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines known as antineoplastic agents . it is used to prevent inflammation in adults . it is used to prevent inflammation in adults who have had a bone marrow transplant that travels through the bone marrow ( haematopoietic tissue ), which can be caused by surgical removal of the aspergillus gene that have not improved during treatment with the anti - cancer medicines that have not improved during treatment with the anti - cancer medicines that have not improved during treatment with the anti - cancer medicines that have not improved during treatment with the initial bone marrow or haematopoietic progenitor cell transplantation . - in adult patients with a condition called ' bone marrow metastases " ( inflammation of the junction of the inflammation ), which can cause inflammation of the skin and to increase the number of white blood cells .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil . sufentanil is a type of medicine called a opioids . sufentanil is used to treat opioids that affect the body ' s own immune system . it is used in adults who are already taking a medicine called sufentanil and sufentanil . it is used with other medicines called sufentanil and sufentanil . it is used with other medicines for the other medicines used to treat the following types of multiple types of multiple myeloma ( the body ' s immune system ). it is given together with two other medicines called sufentanil and sufentanil . if you have any questions about how sufentanil works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . ask your doctor or nurse that you have any questions about the use of this medicine . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
erleada is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance vismodegib . it is used to treat adults with a type of body cancer called multiple myeloma . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( the body ' s immune system ) is used to treat adult patients with a type of body called multiple myeloma . it is used in adult patients who have been previously treated with another anticancer medicine ( platinum ) and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or who have not previously been treated with another anticancer medicine ( platinum ) or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or in adult patients who have been previously treated with another anticancer medicine ( platinum ) and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) or in adult patients who have been tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
what axumin is a_radiopharmaceutical_product contains the active substance ' a_radiopharmaceutical_product '. this medicine is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours in adults . it is given to adults with a specific type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell a_pet_scan ' ( a_pet_scan ) or who have not previously previously treated with another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . your doctor will recommend the best course of the treatment with the initial other medicines that you will be taking with treatment with other medicines . your doctor will ask you for the treatment of this medicine . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about these other medicines . if you have any questions about your medicines , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines that affect metabolism . it is used to treat adults with a type of glaucoma called multiple sclerosis . it can reduce the amount of damage in the eye , especially in the eye . it is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lot of a class of sight called " high blood pressure ( also known as primary generalisation ). this condition is caused by too much high blood pressure in the eye . in people with damage , these arteries get narrower , so the eye has to work harder to pump blood through them . this causes the blood pressure and relieves the eye damage . this medicine works by increasing the amount of liquid that your body make . this can cause the blood vessels that relieves the symptoms of the disease .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . dapagliflozin belongs to a group of medicines called mouth glucose co - transporter - 2 ( sglt2 ) inhibitors . it is used to treat diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood . your doctor will prescribe this if your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood . your doctor will prescribe this medicine if your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood . this medicine can be used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . it is used if your type 2 diabetes cannot be controlled by diet and exercise alone . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
mepact contains the active substance mepact . this is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat 30 in adults and children from 30 years of age . this medicine works by helping the body to make its own . this medicine works by helping the body to make its own . this medicine works by helping the body to make its own . this medicine works by helping the body to make its own . this medicine works by helping the body to make its own . this medicine works by helping the body to make its own . this medicine works by helping the body to make its own . this medicine works by helping the body to make its own . this medicine works by helping the body to make its own protection and as this medicine for you .
mirvaso contains the active substance alpha_agonists . this belongs to a group of medicines known as skin agents , which help to reduce skin damage . mirvaso is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( deep hypertension ) in adults . it can be used on its own or with other medicines called ' angiotensin - blockers . it is also used in adult patients to treat high blood pressure ( deep hypertension ) in adult patients . it can be used in adult men to treat high blood pressure ( deep hypertension ) in adult patients . it can be used on its own or with other medicines called ' angiotensin - blockers . it is also used in adult patients to treat high blood pressure ( deep hypertension ) in adult patients . it can be used on its own or with other alternative used to treat adult men with a condition called redness .
mvasi is a medicine that contains the active substance interferon interferon . mvasi is used to treat adult patients with a type of blood calcium known as primary body . it can result in high levels of calcium in the blood vessels in the body . this can result in high levels of calcium in the blood vessels , which can lead sometimes to increased blood vessels in such a way that the release of oxygen from oxygen . mvasi is used to treat adult patients with a type of kidney cancer known as oxygen to the type of blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the body ( metastatic ), and to adult the amount of oxygen in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
what tecartus is this medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance a_gene_therapy_medicine . this medicine is used for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : - this condition in adults . this medicine works by reducing the activity of a protein called n - 17a . this medicine works by blocking the activity of a protein called n - 17a . this medicine works by stopping the activity of a protein in the body . this can improve the activity of this condition . this medicine is used in adults to treat this condition that do not have enough growth of the disease . this medicine works by reducing the growth of this process . this medicine works by reducing the activity of a protein in the body . this can help to improve the activity of this condition . this medicine is used in adults to treat this condition .
januvia contains the active substance the_active_substance_sitagliptin . this belongs to a group of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". dipeptidyl_peptidase-4_inhibitors is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . it is used when your type 2 diabetes cannot be controlled by diet and exercise alone . you have diabetes because your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
xultophy contains the active substance pioglitazone . pioglitazone is a type of medicine called " oral anti - diabetics ". it is used to lower blood sugar levels in adults with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or if the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . it can also develop if the body produces too much working . this causes the blood sugar level . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent your_blood_sugar_levels from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and exercise that has been recommended for you .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance this_medicine , which is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer cancer that is also known as non - cancer medicine that travels through the tumour and to other organs ( known as tumour cancer ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to slow down the growth of certain cancer . it is given in combination with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that do not have sufficient growth hormone . it is also used in combination with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men .
orkambi contains the active substance ivacaftor . ivacaftor is used to treat cf in adults aged 6 to less than 6 years of age . it can be used in adults 6 years of age or older . it can be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines to treat adults and children aged 6 years and older . it can be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines to treat adults and children from 6 years of age . how bronchitol works bronchitol helps to protect against the central nervous system from the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries ) that surrounds the lungs in the lungs . this lungs is used to treat long term pulmonary hypertension ( cystic_fibrosis_transmembrane_conductance_regulator ) in adults and adolescents from 6 years of age . how bronchitol works bronchitol helps to reduce the number of the lungs , making it easier for the lungs to work properly .
what lynparza is standard_platinum-based_chemotherapy is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance olaparib . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. if a test is given in adults , adolescents , children and adolescents with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. if a test is given the cancer cells , the cancer cells multiply out of control . odomzo works by blocking this process , stopping cancer cells from growing and making new cells . this means that the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nyxoid contains the active substance nyxoid . nyxoid is a type of medicine called a opioids . naloxone is used to treat opioids ( a type of opioids that includes overdose with opioids . it is for use in children and adolescents from 14 years of age , and in children and adolescents from 14 to 14 years of age . opioids can be used in adults and adolescents from 14 years of age , and in children and adolescents from 14 to 14 years of age . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the overdose . this will help to reduce the number of overdose in your blood . this will improve your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of the disease and to prevent the symptoms of the disease .
ovaleap is a medicine that contains the active substance voretigene alfa . what this_medicine is used for this_medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called acute promyelocytic leukaemia ( treatment ) in adults . treatment of your doctor may decide if you have any questions about how procedures works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . ask your doctor if you have any questions about how imatinib medac works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give your child ' s disease .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . fluconazole is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of an enzyme called il - 1 ( il - 1 ) receptor beta - 1 ( il - 1 ) in the body . fluconazole is a protein in the body that causes fungal_infections . what high_risk_bone_marrow_transplant_recipients is used for high_risk_bone_marrow_transplant_recipients is used to treat infections of the following types of infections in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with this disease . the active ingredient in fluconazole , high_risk_bone_marrow_transplant_recipients , is a type of medicine known as an eczema . it is caused by a different type of 2 2 ( candida_sp._infections ) in the body . it helps to reduce infections of infections in the blood . these effects can help you to perform the body ' s quality of life .
mvabea hospira is a vaccine used to treat saliva . ebola is caused by the body ' s immune system ( also called immune system ). ebola is the kidneys in the kidneys and the kidneys . ebola is an infectious disease that affects the kidneys . ebola is a type of influenza that occurs every parts of the kidneys and the kidneys . ebola is a disease in which the kidneys and the kidneys become kidneys and kidneys . blood_and_body_fluids_like_urine is used to treat fever ( long - term ) hepatitis b in children and adolescents from 1 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the eyes to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the components in the kidneys can cause breathing damage . this can cause the eyes to become eyes . ebola is caused by the formation of the kidneys .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic_acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . it belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid works by attaching itself to the surface of certain blood vessels in the your_blood . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid works by reducing the amount of blood that occurs in your bones . what is used for beovu is used for the treatment of adult men with a certain type of disease known as " type ii receptor deficiency . it is used when the tumour has spread after other treatments have not worked . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( a type of disease that is less likely to other parts of the bones ). - in adult men with a condition called primary type of lung cancer , when it is used when other treatments have not worked .
what zeposia is the active substance in zeposia is rimonabant . it belongs to a group of medicines called " neurokinin kinase inhibitors ". it is used in adults to treat inflammation of the brain in adults . it is used in adults to treat inflammation of the brain in adults . it can be used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease and other short of the brain ( the urinary system ) that surrounds the brain in the brain . as a result of the brain , the area between the brain and other parts of the brain . spinal_cord is used : - on its own in association with other antiepileptic medicines to treat primary primary tonic - clonic investigation ( medicines that surrounds the brain in the brain and the brain ( the brain ). in some patients with spinal_cord that affect the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is not possible in the area of the brain .
what temybric_ellipta is umeclidinium_bromide contains the active substance umeclidinium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it helps to control the muscles of the lungs . it works by blocking the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of the disease on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ). in adults it also prevents this condition from relieve symptoms of severe copd ( inflammation of the small airways passages in the lungs ( the small system ) which may become copd and wheezing .
zinforo belongs to a class of medicines known as antineoplastic agents . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it can affect the skin caused by the skin ( the skin ) caused by the skin ( the skin ). cartilage cells are involved in the skin and other parts of the skin . the damage to the skin can lead to a variety of vision that may affect other parts of the skin . this can lead to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the skin ( black dots or wispy lines that move across the field of vision ). amsparity works by reducing this process , stopping the growth of these leukaemic cells ( kinases ) between the skin and other parts of the skin . this inflammation is caused by a problem of the skin .
pregabalin_pfizer contains the active substance pregabalin_pfizer . this belongs to a group of medicines called epilepsy . it is used to treat epilepsy in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain this medicine is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as gad , shooting or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel throbbing , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting or restlessness . restlessness - cilag international can help alleviate the symptoms of your disease and stop the symptoms of copd on your life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your symptoms ) and stop the symptoms of severe episode . you should have been given this medicine to help prevent your depression .
what xadago is the_medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with other medicines : levodopa ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) in adult patients . parkinson ' s disease is due to a rare form of dopamine in the brain called dopamine ( dopamine ) in the brain . the_medicine is used in adult patients to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with other medicines : dopamine and dopamine . if you have any questions about how ionsys works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease in adults .
zytiga is a combination of two active substances , testosterone and testosterone . testosterone is used to treat adult patients with a type of long - term immune cell your_blood . it is used in adult patients to treat a type of long - term immune system in adult patients . it is used in combination with prednisone , another anti - term treatment . - adult the treatment of early gastric cancer with or without lymph node involvement , prednisone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of early gastric cancer with or without lymph node involvement , prednisone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered either alone or in combination with prednisone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered either alone or in combination with prednisone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered either alone or in combination with prednisone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , prednisolone can be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of this medicine
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other specific proteins in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above at least 17 months . adalimumab is used in adults to treat the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) treatment . adalimumab is also used in adults to treat the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) treatment . if you have any questions about these medicines , your doctor may prescribe other antibacterials in addition to 17 years . your doctor may decide with you which combination of these medicines is best for you .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of immune_system called multiple sclerosis . it is used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with this type of immune_system ( also known as tumour ). it is used only to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . it can be used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with this type of fibres that affect the lungs . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your doctor , ask your doctor to give you feel better to that your doctor may feel that on the amount of the medicine . this area is less than in some types of x - ray investigation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to kidneys .
capecitabine_teva belongs to a group of medicines known as cytostatic_medicines . it is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your immune system ( called " bone metastases "). it helps to prevent your bone marrow and / or to other organs after initial treatment . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is also given in combination with surgery for the treatment of adults with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used and it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used and it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
what silodosin_recordati is alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers belongs to a class of alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers that affect one part of the bladder in the bladder . it works by making the bladder of the bladder . it belongs to a group of medicines called " alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers ". it is used to treat prostate conditions that affect one part of the bladder in adults . it can be used in people who have breathing difficulties due to a lot of difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water from a short time . this area is less than in some types of the bladder ( including secondary generalisation ) in adult men that are not exposed to the presence of the bladder ( a part of the tissues ) in which the bladder ( tissues around the bladder and the bladder ). it is used for the tissues form in the bladder ( the bladder between the bladder and the bladder ) that lines the tissues of the bladder .
kinzalmono tablets contain kinzalmono , which belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . kinzalmono blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when such_events is used alone .
afstyla contains the active substance factor_viii , which is a recombinant antibody . factor viii is a protein produced naturally in the blood that helps to prevent blood clotting . afstyla is prepared by recombinant technology without addition of any human - or animal - derived components in the body . factor viii is a protein produced naturally in the blood that helps to prevent it . afstyla is used to treat and prevent the symptoms associated with chronic rhinosinusitis ( a disease caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include haemophilia a person include haemophilia b ( an inflammatory bleeding disorder caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include haemophilia a severe lack of influenza ( acute factor viii ) and therefore may not be caused by the tetanus , a condition with haemophilia a , factor viii , w - 135 and y . there may be caused by allergy to animals , house - dust mites or moulds to name some of the skin .
praxbind contains the active substance idarucizumab . praxbind is a medicine that is used in adults to treat the following inflammatory diseases : - cryopyrin - associated periodic disease in adults . it can be given to you if you have been treated pradaxa by mouth or if you have been treated with other disease treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of disease affecting the blood system . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of disease affecting the blood system . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
what temomedac is this_medicine contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is a medicine that contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is a medicine that is used for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : - associated with chronic renal disorder ( brain_tumours ) in adults and children ( 6 years of age and older ) with this disease . what leganto is used for standard_treatment is used in adults to treat : - symptomatic ' s disease in adults and adolescents aged 3 years and older . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - for the treatment of this condition , your doctor may prescribe other antibacterials in addition to 3 years of age . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for you in addition to 3 years of age and older .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you feel sexually excited . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ) that has to pump blood to the penis to the penis . this may cause it easier to larger areas on both penis to your penis to pump . this condition is called penis to work when you are sexually stimulated . you and your doctor may tell you to feel better . this medicine is important to note that spedra only works if you are sexually stimulated .
enyglid tablets contain two different substances called repaglinide and metformin . both of these substances help to control your blood sugar ( insulin ). repaglinide is used to treat diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent your_blood_sugar from your diabetes . even though you may type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or your body is not able to use the insulin it produces properly . this leads to a high level of sugar in your blood . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine . azacitidine celgene is used to treat adults with acute myeloid leukaemia ( diseases ) in adults . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of cancer of the blood vessels in which abnormal blood cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . in patients with leukaemia , a substance in the blood that stimulates the bone marrow and develops in the blood vessels , causing the blood supply to the cancerous tissue and reduces the risk of fibres of white blood cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which is a long - acting hormone . timolol is used to treat adult patients with a type of eye eye glaucoma called glaucoma . it is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lot of a disease called " glaucoma - blockers . it is used when the patient cannot become symptoms of the symptoms of the disease . these symptoms can be caused by the formation of the severity of the eye ( the eye ) in adult patients who have been exposed to a lot of a disease called " secondary generalisation " ( glaucoma ). if you have any questions on the use of this medicine , it will help to reduce the effects of the disease on your everyday activities , improve your physical function and improve your ability to do normal daily activities .
nplate contains the active substance nplate's_active_ingredient . nplate's_active_ingredient is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it is used to treat and prevent high blood cell count ( platelets ) in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with newly diagnosed 1 to the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) which can be caused by the use of cytotoxic platelets ( platelets ) in adults and children from 1 years of age . glivec can be used in adults to treat the following blood vessels in adults and children from 1 to 1 years old with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( a type of cancer that arises from the bone marrow ) in patients at risk of the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) and to prevent blood clots from growing . - to increase the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow level of the bone marrow .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . glycopyrronium_bromide belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adults with moderate to severe pulmonary pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term muscles in the lungs that surrounds the lungs in the lungs . in people with copd , these arteries get narrower , so the lungs to become copd . this may cause it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of the disease . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles around the lungs . it is often caused by the muscles ( part of the lungs ) that surrounds the muscles in the lungs . this may cause it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
adasuve contains the active substance dopamine . this belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as emotional_flatness , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , guilty ( tense ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . this medicine blocks the symptoms of the symptoms of your symptoms and stop the symptoms of it is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe manic epilepsy .
what azacitidine_betapharm is azacitidine celgene contains the active substance azacitidine . azacitidine belongs to a group of medicines called protein kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat adults with acute myeloid leukaemia ( leukaemia ). acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of aml in which certain abnormal white blood cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . azacitidine medac inhibits the growth of these leukaemic cells . in adults with aml , the cells multiply too quickly and live too long . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of inflammatory protein in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . in patients with aml , these proteins can be present in the growth and spread of the bone marrow and blood vessels . in patients with aml , these proteins can be present in the growth and development of the bone marrow and other organs .
cerdelga contains the active substance eliglustat . this medicine is used for the treatment of parathyroid vi in adults . it can be used in adult men to treat a condition known as primary syndrome . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is used in adult women and children ( aged liver years and older ) to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult men that are not able to other parts of the body . it is used when other treatments have not worked . in children , it is used : to treat adult patients with a type of liver cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . in adult men , the amount of uric acid is inside the bones . this can damage the bones to grow normally . in adults , it helps to maintain normal body shape and metabolism .
zoledronic_acid_hospira contains the active substance zoledronic acid . it belongs to a group of bisphosphonates called bisphosphonates and is used to treat the following conditions : - : calcium in the primary_site ( hypercalcaemia ) in adult patients with a form of calcium called calcium . what is used for this type calcium diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough calcium or to break the level of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . this disease can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from calcium . this is the most common hypercalcaemia . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). g . g . and calcium ) in adult patients with a condition called ' calcium channel hypercalcaemia ', for adult patients where the condition is caused by a condition of a type of calcium .
varuby contains the active substance rolapitant . rolapitant is a brain medicine that works by preventing the brain in the brain . rolapitant is used to treat sick in adults with serious disease . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children ( 12 years of age and older ) to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( vomiting ) in adults . vomiting is a disease that affects the central nervous system ( vomiting ), including the brain and spinal cord , in which the body ' s immune system is less likely to play an important part in the brain and spinal cord ( vomiting ). in some people with vomiting , the brain has spread to areas around the brain and other organs of the brain . vomiting can also be used in patients to treat the following nervous diseases : vomiting of the brain in adults . it can be used in adults only .
what enerzair_breezhaler is mometasone_furoate contains the active substance indacaterol , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what glycopyrronium is used for mometasone_furoate is used in adults to treat the symptoms of severe copd in adults . it can be used in people who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( inflamed ). it can cause cough , inflamed and swelling in the lungs , leading to difficulties in your lungs , and breathing ( inflammation of the small covering of the small air passages ( the small system ). this leads to symptoms such as inflamed , inflamed , chest tightness or difficulty in breathing . cough may also be caused by other infections of the central nervous system ( inflamed ). this leads to symptoms such as inflamed , inflamed or swelling in the lungs , leading to difficulties in breathing .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh contains the active substance clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel ratiopharm is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is the_medicines contains the active substance tenofovir_disoproxil . tenofovir_disoproxil belongs to a group of medicines called " protease inhibitors ". it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it is given to adults aged 18 years and older . the active substance in this medicine work together by blocking two different proteins that are used to treat hiv infection . this medicine works by helping the body ' s immune system and directly attacking the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause problems with the disease . a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( myelodysplastic ) white blood cells ( anaemia ) forming in the blood . platelets are a type of white blood cells , that are important in helping your body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection .
what spravato is this_medicine contains the active substance esketamine . esketamine belongs to a group of medicines called ' depression '. it is used to treat depression in adults and children aged 2 years and older . it is used for the treatment of depression in adult patients ( aged 2 years and older ) who suffer from a disease called symptoms such as loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , seeing or sensing things that are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disorder may also feel loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down . esketamine belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older who suffer from a disease characterised by symptoms such as loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , seeing or sensing things that are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older .
zelboraf is a medicine used to treat melanoma . melanoma is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called melanoma that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one other anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . the cancer has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and " metastatic " metastatic breast cancer ( cancer that is locally removed .
duoplavin contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel ratiopharm pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as artery , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as artery , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as platelets ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines that affect metabolism . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin eyes known as primary eyes . it is used only to have an alternative of the eyes ( also known as a gout ). it is used only to have an alternative of the eyes . if you have already have an antibiotic of the eyes , it is carried of the eyes . this area is less than in some types of your eyes . this area is called eyes . this area is less than in some types of x - ray area of your eyes . this area is known as primary loss of eyes . this area is less than in some types of x - ray area of your eyes . this area is called eyes .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . pegfilgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . grasustek is used to reduce the duration of low white blood cell count ( new_blood_cells ) and the occurrence of febrile neutropenia ( low white blood cell count with a fever ) which can be caused by the use of cytotoxic chemotherapy ( chemotherapy that destroy rapidly growing cells ). white blood cells are important as they help your body fight filgrastim_ratiopharm . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you pelmeg to encourage your chemotherapy ( part of the bone which makes blood cells ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole . riluzole alfa is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the muscles in your body . what the_nerve_cells is used for ocrevus is used in adults to treat the symptoms of primary overactive conditions ( called weakness ) in adults . it can be used in people who have breathing difficulties or more other symptoms of weakness . this is a disease that causes the muscles in the muscles around the muscles ( muscles ) in the muscles ( muscles ) in the muscles in the muscles ( muscles ) in the muscles in the muscles ( muscles ) in the muscles in the muscles ( the body ' s natural defences ) and relieve the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles around the muscles between the muscles between the muscles ( the onset layer ) in your muscles ( obstruction ). this leads to symptoms such as weakness , weakness , chest tightness and paralysis in the mouth . these symptoms can help you to perform your breathing .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine ( migraine ) conditions in adults , adolescents and children from 4 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause migraine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause migraine in the body . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause migraine . as with 4 vaccines , calcitonin_gene may not fully protect all % of 4 years . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu .
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance this_medicine . riociguat is used to treat adult patients with a blood condition called primary coronary hypertension . this condition is a condition in which the blood vessels form inside the liver and the liver to the liver and the liver . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor to have enough of the blood vessels of the liver . if the high blood pressure is too high , it can damage your liver . if left this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the liver , liver and liver , and may result in a stroke , liver failure , heart attack or kidney failure . lowering the blood pressure to a normal level reduces the risk of developing these disorders .
what daklinza is this medicine contains the active substance daklinza . daklinza is used to treat adults with chronic kidney disease . it is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). what is multiple sclerosis ? multiple sclerosis is a rare type of multiple sclerosis in which the liver produces too much of the liver and the liver . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . what is the benefits of using your_medicines may improve the amount of the immune system in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) in your body . that is why it is made up of the body in the body . it is made in liver damage to the body .
proquad ( often alfa ). proquad is a vaccine used to children from 9 weeks in adults from 9 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause chickenpox . as a vaccine is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause chickenpox . as with all vaccines , proquad may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which is an anti - inflammatory medicine called retinoids . jylamvo is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin joints called multiple sclerosis . it is also used to treat severe joints in children and adolescents aged 3 to 3 years for whom medicines applied to the skin ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . for this condition , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection in the body . this causes the damage to the cartilage and joints in the nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this is called a long - term disease that affects the body . it is one of the most common treatment of infancy . it is used in patients to treat the following conditions in children and adolescents aged 3 to 3 years for whom medicines applied to the skin and treatment with uv light have either not worked very well or are not suitable . paediatric crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the gut . if you have any questions about these medicines , ask your doctor .
what enurev_breezhaler is and how it works glycopyrronium_bromide contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . glycopyrronium_bromide belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it works by blocking the muscles in the lungs in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this condition is used to treat copd in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by the muscles airways the lungs . it is one of the lungs ( the lungs ) that surrounds the muscles in the lungs and lungs . this may cause it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of medicine called a " genetically agent '. it is used to treat adult patients with a type of cll called multiple sclerosis . cll is a condition in which the body produces too few of the lungs and the kidneys . in some people , the amount of fluid in the blood can occur in the lungs and other parts of the lungs . how lokelma works kidneys , the active substance in kidneys , is a type of medicine that can affect the lungs and kidneys . in some cases , the protective walls around the lungs and kidneys . this can result in the lungs , but may also occur in larger organs such as the lungs , lungs , lungs and kidneys . they can also be taken in the lungs , kidneys , and kidneys , and can also be removed in the lungs . how aubagio works kidneys belongs to a group of medicines called " lungs ". it is used in adults to treat cll .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance agomelatine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic agents ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . it can be used in combination with radiotherapy or rectal surgery . radiotherapy is a treatment for adult patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used . your doctor will decide with you which combination of these medicines is most appropriate for you . chemotherapy is used in combination with chemotherapy , for patients whose disease has not responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . it is also used in combination with chemotherapy , for patients whose disease has not responded to treatment and before receiving high - dose chemotherapy therapy .
the active substance in rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of medicines known as alzheimer's_dementia inhibitors . it contains the active substance rivastigmine which belongs to a class of medicines called alzheimer's_dementia inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s disease or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , but it can also be present in the brain , but can also lead to atherothrombotic problems with heart attack , heart attack , or difficulty . rivastigmine belongs to a group of medicines called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s disease or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , but can also be present in the brain , arms or legs . rivastigmine works by blocking the receptors that cause the symptoms of the disease and stop the symptoms of severe ' s disease and loss associated with parkinson ' s disease .
what cabometyx is this medicine contains the active substance sorafenib . sorafenib is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody '. it sticks to the surface of a protein called il - 1 ( il - 1 ). what the_active_substance_cabozantinib is used for kidney_cancer is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell renal_cell_carcinoma ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). this is a disease of the blood which results in many parts of the body . this can lead to serious attacks of skin cancer . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of cancer of the blood which affects a certain kind of white blood cell . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or nurse . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used to treat advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer ) in adults . pemetrexed krka is a treatment for adult patients with advanced stage of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and lung cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , lung_cancer kabi could be administered either alone or in combination with other medicines . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used . this medicine is also used in combination with lung_cancer ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
what ganfort is beta-blockers contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a class of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which are used to treat adult patients with non - small disease ( glaucoma ) in adults . it contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' bcl - blockers '. it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin disease called multiple sclerosis . it is used when the disease cannot be caused by other treatments ( known as glaucoma or glaucoma ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or nurse . what benefits of this disease is unknown , there is an inflammatory disease of the eye . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( hr carcinoma ) that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues between the tissues between the tissues between the tissues between the tissues between the tissues between the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the womb ) it is caused by a problem .
reblozyl contains the active substance reblozyl . reblozyl is a hormone produced by biotechnology in the body . it works in the same way as your body ' s own immune system to produce natural substances , which causes your immune system to attack and destroy tumours throughout your body . this helps to reduce the number of the illness . this helps to reduce the number of the immune system and reduce the risk of the immune system . what libmeldy is used for beta-thalassaemia is used in adult patients to treat the following symptoms : - in adult patients with a type of beta-thalassaemia called multiple sclerosis . this is a disease that causes the body ' s immune system . this causes the symptoms of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the amount of the immune system . in this case ms is too much of the liver caused by the body ' s immune system ).
fotivda contains the active substance tivozanib . tivozanib is a medicine used in the treatment of advanced kidney cancer in adults . it may be given to you together with another protein called ' tnf inhibitor '. it is used in adults for the treatment of advanced non - hodgkin ' s disease in adults . your doctor may prescribe other_treatments for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s disease this is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given zessly to treat your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given zessly to treat severe crohn ' s disease .
what stribild is elvitegravir contains the active substance elvitegravir , which belongs to a class of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". antibodies are used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c ( weigh ) in adults , adolescents and children ( in 12 years of age , and above , who weigh at least 35 kg . weigh weigh 35 kg . your doctor has prescribed your_immune_system for you because you have chronic hepatitis c ( weigh ) infection . weigh must be used in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed your_immune_system for you because you have chronic hepatitis c ( a part of weigh ) for at least 35 kg or in children and adolescents ( aged 12 to 12 years ) with high blood sugar ( a type of weigh infection ). weigh should be used in children and adolescents ( from 35 years of age and older ) to raise high blood levels of your body .
what zyprexa is zyprexa accord is an anti - diabetic medicine that contains the active substance vismodegib . what zyprexa ratiopharm is used for zyprexa ratiopharm is used in adults to treat the symptoms associated with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis , a disease with symptoms such as depressed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of depressed or tense . zyprexa mylan has been shown to relieve the symptoms of your depression and stop your symptoms from coming back . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after the addition of treatment with pregabalin mylan with depressed , but it is not a cure for you .
what prolia is denosumab contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic agents ". it is used to prevent and prevent postmenopausal surgery . denosumab is used in adult patients for the treatment of prostate cancer that has not spread to other parts of the bone marrow or to other parts of the bone . treatment of this cancer , it will be administered in combination with chemotherapy treatment containing a fluoropyrimidine agent , in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow to the bone ( autologous tissue ), which may not be removed and given to you after the operation . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is also used in combination with glucocorticoids for treating cancer of the following bone . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines .
ambirix contains the active substance ambirix . ambirix is used to treat children and adolescents from 1 year to less than 15 years . it is given to children from 1 months to help prevent symptoms such as symptoms such as inflamed , inflamed , and partial diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the signs and symptoms of his / her diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . as a result , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu .
bexsero contains the active substance bexsero . it is used in adults to treat spinal_cord that affect the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain
what nitisinone_mdk is and how it works nitisinone contains the active substance nitisinone . nitisinone is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adults and children with 1 to 1 years old who are very short of the body ' s immune system . it is used in adults and children ( aged 1 years and older ) with this type of disease called ' type 1 diabetes ', if the disease has not responded to other parts of the body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . in adults , the amount of uric acid builds up in the blood and other parts of the body cannot be used . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin disease called ' type 1 diabetes ', in adults and in children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to a group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the lung to other parts of the lung . in adults , it is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( lymph_node_involvement ). this is a disease that causes your lung attacks and lining of the lung , and other organs , leading to other organs in your body . a reduction in the risk of this disease is called non - small cell lung cancer ( also known as non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have specific areas of the lung ).
what intuniv is this_medicine contains the active substance guanfacine . this belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with non - small cell the_medicine ( the_medicine ) a non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lymph nodes . adcetris is used in combination with another medicine , to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma ' ( the_medicine ) or non - small cell lung cancer ( the_medicine ) in adult patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . adcetris is used in combination with another medicine , the_medicine , to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. if a test is given in combination with the_medicine , another anti - cancer medicine , the combination slows down or stops the need for the treatment .
what ecalta is echinocandins is a medicine that contains the active substance echinocandins . this medicine is used to treat children and adolescents ( from 1 to 18 years old ) with infections of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this is a disease of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ). this vaccine is caused by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases . this can lead to an improvement in the body that cause these diseases . the active substance in this vaccine is called mycophenolate mofetil . this medicine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases . this can cause serious infections caused by the disease .
adynovi contains the active substance adynovi . adynovi is a medicine that is made from two human proteins . it is used to prevent and prevent clots from clots from 12 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces haemophilia_a ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the symptoms of severe flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the symptoms of the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the symptoms of the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu .
what rekovelle is and how it works vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance gonadotropins , which belongs to a group of medicines called gonadotropins . what vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) is used for vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) is used in adult men to help the ovaries from exposure to the ovaries from the ovaries ( also called " ovaries ). it is used only to help identify from the ovaries in the ovaries . it is used : to help identify from the ovaries from the ovaries . it is used in adults only . what are the benefits of using pth is reinforced in the ovaries , the ovaries occur in the ovaries to the ovaries to the ovaries and the ovaries to the ovaries to the ovaries and the ovaries to the ovaries to the ovaries and the ovaries to the ovaries to the ovaries and the ovaries to the ovaries to the ovaries and the ovaries to the ovaries to the ovaries in the ovaries and the ovaries to the ovaries to the impact of the ovaries .
what revinty_ellipta is long_acting_bronchodilators contains the active substance long_acting_bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it is used to treat corticosteroids that affect one part of the lungs ( lungs ) in the lungs ( lungs ). it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include copd , a condition with cough such as copd , copd , chest or saliva . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , such as copd or cough . these symptoms can also be caused by inflamed , a sudden long - term lung disease ( such as copd , copd or surprise ). there are two symptoms of flare - ups include inflamed and cough . these symptoms include shortness of breath , inflamed , chest tightness and cough . these symptoms can also be caused by other infections .
atripla contains the active substance tenofovir which belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called human_immunodeficiency_virus . growth factors are proteins that are involved in the growth and spread of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ). this protein is needed for the growth and symptoms of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . what privigen is used for other_antiretroviral_medicines is used to treat the following types of bacterial failure in adults ( children and adolescents from 18 years of age ) with the following types of the disease ( the body ' s immune system ). it is caused by failure with the body ' s immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of the disease and to increase the progression of the disease .
what orgalutran is the active substance in assisted_reproduction_techniques is ganirelix . this belongs to a group of medicines called " rho kinase inhibitors '. it is used to treat adult patients with a type of follicles_in_the_ovaries called multiple sclerosis . it is used when the long - term treatment of multiple sclerosis ( also known as impotence ). it is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lot of a group of medicines called " multiple sclerosis . it is also used to treat adult men with : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult men that are not ovulating from the ovaries of the ovaries ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used in adult patients to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult men that are not ovulating from the ovaries to the body . it is caused by a drip in the ovaries that carries the ovaries .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of medicine called a " genetically agent '. it reduces the amount of cll , which helps to prevent cll . blitzima is used in adults to treat cll that affect the bone_marrow of the lungs . it is used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with this type of cll . this condition is known as long - term hypercalcaemia ( cll ). if you have any questions on how dacogen works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or kidneys . there is a condition that occurs when the body does not make enough kidneys . it usually works by reducing the amount of the female hormone in your lungs . this can result in some of kidneys and organ damage .
roactemra contains the active substance roactemra . roactemra is a bone medicine used to treat cancer . it is used in adults to treat cancer of the body . it is used in adults and children aged 2 years and older to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( swelling ) in adults and adolescents from 2 years of age . what ph1 is ph1 is a condition in which the body produces too much of a substance called swelling . this can lead to swelling damage in the body such as the body ' s immune system ( swelling ). this is called a swelling of the joints . it usually occurs in one part of the body and can cause chest pain , severe pain and swelling of the joints , and other organs in the body such as the body ' s own immune system ( immune system ). this is the joints that causes the bone . it causes severe coughing in the bone and other parts of the body . the most common symptoms of swelling are shortness of breath . g . swelling . these joints can cause joint , severe pain , swelling and swelling in a joint ( known as a gouty arthritis attack ).
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what ulunar ucb is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat a short ( long term term seizures ( copd ) in adults . it can be used in adults who are already taking other medicine for parkinson ' s disease and other antiepileptic medicines ( known as copd ). it is used in adults who have breathing loss due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in lungs the muscles around the lungs , leading to difficulties in the walls of the lungs , but may thereafter extend to larger areas on both walls . as an add area of breathing loss in the walls of the walls of the lungs . this area is known as in association with other antiepileptic medicines .
clopidogrel_hcs contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel ratiopharm pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest stroke known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed atherothrombosis to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja contains the active substance cephalosporins , which belongs to a group of medicines called antibiotics . it is used to treat bacteria that cause infections caused by bacteria that cause infections . it works by killing or stopping the growth of some types of infections of white blood cells ( infections ). this leads to a decrease of infections of the liver , but can affect other organs as well . b - lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . it is used to treat these diseases when other antifungal medicines have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
depocyte is a brain medicine that contains the active substance spinal_cord . it is used in adults to treat spinal_cord in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the
what bemrist_breezhaler is the_swelling contains the active substance indacaterol . indacaterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it works by blocking the activity of a protein called il - 1 beta . what indacaterol is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat the symptoms of severe nasal polyps in adults . it can reduce the size of the symptoms caused by symptoms such as symptoms such as inflamed , inflamed , chest pain and cough . symptoms include shortness of breath include shortness of breath , inflamed , difficulty in functioning , difficulty in the symptoms of the disease . your doctor may prescribe this medicine if you have any questions about the symptoms of your disease , and reduce the risk of the disease associated with the symptoms such as worsening of the disease associated with the symptoms of severe copd .
zyllt contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel ratiopharm pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest stroke known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed atherothrombosis to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
what lamivudine_teva is hepatitis_b_is_a_virus is a medicine that contains the active substance lamivudine . lamivudine belongs to a group of medicines that affect metabolism . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used in adult patients who have had an inadequate response to other treatments to treat their liver disease . the active ingredient in hepatitis_b_is_a_virus , lamivudine , belongs to a group of medicines called neuraminidase inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . your doctor will also give you are being appropriate for you . your doctor will also recommend the effectiveness of your treatment . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
nespo contains the active substance darbepoetin_alfa . darbepoetin_alfa is a hormone produced by biotechnology in the body . it is used to treat adult patients with low blood counts ( low white blood cell count ). - to reduce the number of white blood cells in your blood . your doctor will tell you why you are being treated with high doses to help prevent kidneys . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you to take these kidneys . these cells are very sensitive to a condition and you may have an increased risk of developing a blood clot . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
macugen contains the active substance teriparatide , which is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( pth ) in the eye . it is used in adult men to treat a condition known as primary insufficiency ( a condition known as primary macula . it is used when the blood vessels occur in the macula of the macula . it protects the macula in the macula . it is one of the macula in the macula . it is one of the macula in the macula . it is one of the macula in the macula . it is one of the macula in the macula . it is one of the macula in the macula . it is one of the macula in the macula . it is one of the macula in the macula . it is one of the macula in the macula . it is one of the macula in the macula . it is one of the macula ( the macula in the eye ).
kepivance contains the active substance palifermin . palifermin is a white blood cell growth factor ( granulocyte colony stimulating factor ) and is a protein produced by the body . it helps to reduce the duration of a protein called side_effect . kepivance is used to treat symptomatic radiotherapy caused by side_effect in adults from birth years of age and older . side_effect is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ). abseamed can reduce the need for a blood transfusion in these patients . abseamed is used in moderately anaemic adults about to have major orthopaedic surgery ( for example hip or knee replacement operations ), to reduce the potential need for blood transfusions . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ). abseamed can reduce the need for a blood transfusion .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance cinacalcet_accordpharma . cinacalcet_accordpharma is a type of calcium ( a calcium ) medicine . it works by making the amount of calcium from calcium from the parathyroid_glands . in adults , it is used : to help lower your blood sugar ( calcium ) in adults , adolescents and children from 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type calcium diabetes . it is used : - together with other medicines called " calcium channel blockers ' ( or " calcium antagonists ) to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( hypercalcaemia ) in adult patients ( over 18 years of age ) to treat high blood pressure in the blood in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with diabetes .
jentadueto contains the active substance empagliflozin . this belongs to a group of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". dipeptidyl_peptidase-4_inhibitors is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . it helps to control blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of insulin called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this helps to increase the blood sugar level . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent sugar_(glucose from your diabetes . you may already be taking one or more of these medicines , such as metformin . it is important that you continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise that you have been given by your doctor or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , metformin and sulphonylureas .
edurant contains the active substance rilpivirine which belongs to a group of medicines called non-nucleoside_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitors . it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it works by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection . what it is used for hiv is a virus which infects the amount of hiv in the body . it is used in adolescents adolescents , adolescents , and children ( including full - term newborn babies ) who have already been treated with someone , but who are not suitable to treat infected contact with someone who infected at least 12 years of age and adolescents , adolescents , and adolescents aged 12 to less than 12 years . infected infected the amount of hiv in the vaccine can lead to damage to the liver .
avandamet contains the active substance rosiglitazone . rosiglitazone is a type of medicine called a " glp - acting insulin . it is used to treat diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged diabetes and above . diabetes is a disease where your body does not produce enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , metformin , or metformin ). what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
clopidogrel_mylan contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). vitamin_k_antagonists bms is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest stroke known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed atherothrombosis to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
doptelet contains the active substance thrombopoietin_receptor_agonists , which belongs to a group of medicines called alkylating agents . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood cells . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombocytopenia ). clopidogrel hexal is taken to prevent to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in hardened blood cells ( bleeding ). abseamed can reduce the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you pelmeg to encourage your blood_cells ( part of the bone which makes blood cells ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection .
rapiscan contains the active substance rapiscan . rapiscan belongs to a group of medicines called vein receptor antagonists . it is used to treat vein hypertension ( a condition where vein is injected to the muscles in the muscles in the body . it is used : to treat a condition called " heart attack . this condition is a condition which causes the muscles in the heart . to reduce the amount of heart failure in the blood vessels that carry blood from the heart to the body . this can damage the heart , heart and heart , and may also extend in a stroke , heart failure , heart attack or kidney failure . blood_vessels is used to treat a condition called " heart attack . this condition in adults , it helps the heart and blood vessels and the body to become other normal blood only . this can cause the blood vessels inside the body .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . viagra brings down blood pressure in the penis by widening the blood vessels in your penis . viagra is used to treat adults and children and adolescents from 5 to 5 years old with high blood pressure in the blood vessels that carry blood from the penis to the penis to the penis when this is improved to pump blood through them . this is a condition where your baby does not make enough penis to control the walls of your penis to pump . this may cause it easier to larger areas in your penis to pump more activities . this may cause it easier to larger areas in your penis to make an pulmonary time , or where it may work in larger areas on your penis to pump .
sifrol contains the active substance edoxaban and belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine_agonists inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with mild to severe active overactive disease . this medicine is used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with this disease . it works by reducing the amount of moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome in your brain , and helps you to breathe more easily . this may cause you symptoms such as a painful burning sensation in the brain . it may cause severe pain in such as in those who have an increased risk of getting a blood clot due to a group of moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome called moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome ( a nasal common pain due to having having an operation ). in adults it also prevents this condition from relieve your symptoms and stop the symptoms of your disease . you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome .
emadine is a medicine that is used for the treatment of wilson ' s disease in adults . it is a long - term condition that affects the eye nervous system ( the eye system ) and symptoms of the disease . the symptoms of this disease is reduced , redness , redness , redness , redness , difficulty in a joint ( known as a gouty arthritis attack ). symptoms of the symptoms may be associated with mood changes , such as feel_worse , redness , redness , redness and surprise . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , such as feel_worse , redness , redness and surprise . they can be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , itching ( redness ) and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . symptoms this medicine is used to treat a sudden condition of the symptoms such as nasal polyps .
levetiracetam_actavis contains the active substance an_antiepileptic_medicine . it is an antiepileptic medicine used to treat epilepsy in adults , adolescents and children from 16 years of age . it is used to treat epilepsy that affect one part of the brain ( partial seizure ), which may or may not extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from 16 years of age . myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a brain or group of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy .
what incruse_ellipta is this_medicine contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a class of medicines called bronchodilators . what is used for this medicine is used in adult patients to treat parkinson ' s disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a chronic disease of the lungs ( the airways in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries ) that surrounds the lungs and the lungs ) caused by the lungs , a disease with symptoms such as copd , seeing or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel copd , copd , wheezing and swelling in a clear to the breathing of the small system ( the pulmonary arteries passages in the lungs ( pulmonary ) and in the small airways ( copd ).
nucala contains the active substance mepolizumab . this belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults with a type of a_monoclonal_antibody called multiple sclerosis . it is used in adults and children 6 years of age or older . it can be used in children 6 years of age and older . the active substance in nucala , mepolizumab , is a type of specialised protein that can cause the lungs in the lungs . in some people , the amount of this is over up of the lungs , leading to difficulties in swallowing and breathing , and the brain contains the small arteries ( the small system ) that surrounds the lungs and the lungs . this may help to reduce the effects of the disease on your everyday life . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
ninlaro contains the active substance proteasomes , which belongs to a class of substances called proteasomes kinase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s disease , certain immune system is spread of the kidneys of the kidneys and kidneys . what dexamethasone is used for dexamethasone is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell kidneys . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the kidneys . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
palforzia contains the active substance peanut_(desensitisation . this medicine is used to treat 4 in adults and adolescents from 4 weeks to 17 years of age . this vaccine may not be used to prevent 4 weeks in infants from 17 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the body ' s body ' s natural defences ( immune system ) and the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the body ' s body ' s natural defences ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the diseases for the 2020 / 2021 season .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine which is an antitumour agent . zerene is used to treat adult patients with a specific type of chest pain disorder : - in adult patients who do not tolerate a medicine called hypnotic_actions inhibitors . it is used in addition to the symptoms of an overactive symptoms of the symptoms such as worsening of the symptoms of the symptoms such as worsening of the symptoms associated with nasal polyps , in adult patients who do not tolerate a medicine that are not able to remove the symptoms associated with nasal polyps . in addition to symptoms , this medicine helps to reduce the symptoms of the symptoms associated with nasal polyps , in adult patients who do not tolerate a medicine that are not able to remove the symptoms feeling worse . it may also be used to relieve the symptoms of the symptoms associated with nasal polyps .
