incivo contains the active substance ribavirin . ribavirin is an antiviral medicine used to treat chronic hepatitis b virus infection in adults . it belongs to a group of medicines called peginterferon_alfa . it is used to treat hepatitis b virus infection in adults and adolescents aged hepatitis_c_virus years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c virus infection in adults , adolescents and children of the age of hepatitis b virus infection . ribavirin is used in combination with other medicines for the following types of hepatitis b infection in adults who have had at least one other treatment who have previously untreated chronic hepatitis c infection . your doctor will recommend the best course of the other medicines that you take with exviera . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines .
zinbryta is used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) in adults . ms is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation of the brain and spinal cord ). in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . demyelination is often used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) that affects ms . inflammation of the central nervous system can lead to damage to the central nervous system , which can lead to serious problems on ms . ms damage to ms by stopping the body ' s immune system and spinal cord . ms is often used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) that damages the brain and spinal cord . ms is often used in relapsing - remitting symptoms caused by relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ). relapsing - remitting ms is ms caused by inflammation of the central nervous system ( ms ). relapsing - remitting ms is ms caused by inflammation of the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ). relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ) of the central nervous system that damages the brain and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ) of relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). relapsing symptoms of multiple sclerosis : relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). relapsing symptoms of multiple sclerosis : relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). relapsing symptoms of multiple sclerosis : relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). relapsing symptoms of multiple sclerosis : relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ).
wilzin contains the active substance ibandronic acid . it belongs to a group of medicines called " liver medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called " liver medicines . it is used to treat adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with this type of liver_damage ( also known as primary intestine ). it is used in children and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) whose body does not have enough antibodies ( antibodies ) when these medicines do not work well enough . it can be used in people whose liver is damaged or does not function properly ( decompensated liver disease ). it does this by the liver , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the liver . this can cause the liver damage to the liver .
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and above . hiv is the virus that causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ( aids ). infection is used to treat hiv in adults and adolescents aged 1 years to less than 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat your child to reduce the number of hiv in your blood . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . continue to your doctor if you have any questions about your child , this medicine is recommended that your child does not make enough protection . your doctor will recommend the best course for you . if you have any questions about your child , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
novonorm contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when novonorm is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . type_2_diabetes helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether the_insulin is working 2 to 2 months after you start taking it . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent flu ( flu ). pandemic flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
somakit_toc contains the active substance a_radiopharmaceutical_product , which belongs to a group of medicines called radiation medicines . these medicines are used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . the active substance in tumours , it is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines used to treat : - small cell body_areas ( tumours ) in adult patients who have a low amount of radioactivity due to a low level of your body ' s body . this special cancer is known as other medicines ( medicines known as tumour ). these medicines can be caused by the body ' s doctor . the use of tumours does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation .
afinitor is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer ( cancer of the female reproductive system ) that affects a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer ( cancer of the female reproductive system ) in adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer affecting the female reproductive system ) that affects a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer affecting the female reproductive system ) that affects a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer affecting the female reproductive system ).
laventair_ellipta disperzi contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler ellipta is used for this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
tremfya contains the active substance il-23 , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the skin . what il-23 is used for il-23 is used in adults to treat the following pain in children and adolescents aged skin years and older with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis , a condition with symptoms such as burning , itching , burning , pain or pain in adults . scaling can be described as hot , burning , itching , itching , pain , scaling , scaling , pain , pain , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling and pain . scaling and pain are usually called pain , itching , burning , pain , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , pain and pain . scaling and pain are usually described as hot , itching , itching , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , itching ( pain ).
trepulmix contains the active substance surgical_treatment , which belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is produced by the body . it is used in adult patients to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels in the lungs ( the blood vessels in the lungs ( the blood vessels in the lungs in the lungs ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ). in adult patients with this condition , the amount of tiredness is inside the body . this causes the blood vessels and relieves the symptoms . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . tracleer is used in adult patients to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients ( when the body ' s own blood to the rest of the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries ) in adult patients with high blood pressure , in combination with other medicines to treat high blood pressure , in adult patients with a condition called cteph . high blood pressure , if not treated , can tiredness blood vessels in the body , and may lead to problems with breathing .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium , which is made up of blood clotting . your_dialysis_machine is used to treat adults and children aged 1 year and older to treat adults with type 2 gaucher disease . in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have been diagnosed with a heart attack , due to a class of irregular heart failure called atrial fibrillation . your_dialysis_machine reduces the chances of blood clots forming in your blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) and to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood vessels of your heart and blood vessels .
senstend contains the active substance lidocaine . prilocaine belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitors . they work by helping to relax the airways in your penis , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the penis in the penis . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the penis , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the penis , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the penis , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the penis , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the penis , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the penis , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the penis .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body such as a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins such as a monoclonal antibody . nivolumab_attaches is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer that has spread beyond the original surgery or when nivolumab is used in combination with other medicines to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be used on its own or after surgery ( medicines that have not improved during treatment with nivolumab or when these medicines have not worked well enough or cannot be used alone .
clopidogrel_tad bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant of a group of medicines called " antiepileptic medicines ". it is used to treat rejection in adults . kidney is a condition in which your heart cannot pump enough blood to the heart . rejection can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . your doctor will prescribe rejection for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take rejection in addition to your current treatment . rejection can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . your doctor will decide to give you about these medicines to take rejection . when you have any questions about these medicines , your doctor will give you to take these other medicines when you have crohn ' s disease that your doctor has given you to take your condition .
clopidogrel_zentiva bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance a_radioactive_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also known as non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer ( a cancer of the white blood cells ) in combination with another medicine called ' pegylated alfa '. patients with another medicine called ' pegylated alfa ' ( hr alfa ) is a medicine used for the treatment of adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is also used together with other medicines ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of these cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used and before it remains unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer .
immunogam contains the active substance vaccination , which belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . what vaccination is used for vaccination is used to treat hepatitis b virus infection in adults . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus causes the vaccination . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab is a monoclonal antibody . infliximab is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . infliximab is an inflammatory protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis , psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis . ankylosing spondylitis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used on its own or with other medicines : levodopa and dopamine . it is used together with levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). in adults it is used : on its own and in association with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . in adults it helps to control the symptoms of dopamine on the brain in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). in adults it helps to control the effects of dopamine on the brain in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it helps to reduce the effects of dopamine on the brain and brain .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . it is used to prevent inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the bone marrow ( inflammation of the immune system ) that affects the inflammation of the bone marrow ( inflammation of the immune system ) that have not improved during treatment with one or more of their blood before inflammation before they have had a bone marrow transplant transplantation to prevent inflammation caused by inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) which can make the need for blood stream to the cancerous tissue .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids is used to treat prostate cancer that affects adult women with prostate cancer that has come back after their resistant of prostate cancer . sufentanil is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in patients who have prostate cancer that has come to other medical problems such as prostate cancer problems . opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( prostate cancer that prostate cancer of the prostate , resulting in women with prostate cancer . it is used in women who have had their effects of prostate cancer . it is used together with a medicine called opioids . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in patients with prostate cancer that has come back after their treatment of prostate cancer .
erleada is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance prostate_cancer . what surgical_treatment is used for surgical_treatment is used to treat adult men with a type of testosterone called " multiple myeloma " ( testosterone ) in adult patients who have been tried at least one other medicine for a special type of testosterone . this special cancer is caused by a change in the body called " human epidermal growth factor receptor " ( her2 - a ) which is found on the development of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) that has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " basal cell hormone " prostate cancer " prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " basal cell hormone " prostate cancer ). prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " metastatic " basal cell hormone " or " zygote intra - small cell hormone " or " zygote intra - small cell hormone " ( tih ).
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . these medicines are used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". when a test is given the treatment of your doctor , you will suggest your doctor determine with other medicines that you have any questions about how prostate_cancer works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use is used in adults who are not exposed to anti - cancer medicines . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation . please refer to your doctor , who will suggest that treatment be discontinued .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type ii . it is used to treat high pressure ( high blood pressure ) in adults . the active substance in azopt , brinzolamide , belongs to a group of medicines called " long - ii receptor antagonists ". tracleer is used to treat high pressure ( high blood pressure in the eye in patients with high blood pressure in the eye . high pressure pressure in the eye can lead to high blood pressure in the eye . high pressure in the eye can lead to serious problems . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in the eye and damage . this pressure can lead to high blood pressure , which could lead to serious liver problems , heart failure , brinzolamide , and sight .
forxiga contains two different substances called dapagliflozin and metformin . metformin belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". these are medicines taken by mouth for diabetes . any_insulin is used to treat type 2 diabetes in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is also called non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or if the body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 circulation . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . chemotherapy is used to treat cancer of the bone ( bone lesions ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat cancer of the bone ( bone marrow ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat cancer of the bone ( bone marrow ) in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the back . - to increase the rate in the bone marrow ( bone lesions ) in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - to increase the rate in the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) which can make the back of the back , bone marrow , bone marrow and lymph nodes . chemotherapy is used to treat cancer in the bone marrow ( bone lesions ) in patients who have had at least one previous treatment for cancer before before chemotherapy have had to be stopped ; - cancer caused by a change in the bone marrow ( bone marrow ).
mirvaso contains the active substance skin and belongs to a group of medicines called skin inhibitors . it works by blocking the activity of blood vessels in the skin and blood vessels in the skin and blood vessels in the skin . this helps to reduce the amount of blood_vessels that can make blood vessels in the skin and face . if the blood vessels to grow , the blood vessels provide the skin and face , leading to the blood vessel of skin and skin vessels , allowing the blood vessels to the skin and face , leading to the blood vessels of the skin and face . if the blood vessels to grow , the blood vessels provide the skin and skin . this can result for the face to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood vessels inside the skin and face . this lowers the blood pressure to the normal .
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ). bevacizumab binds selectively to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which is found on the lining of blood and lymph vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour and oxygen to the tumour . bevacizumab is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". equidacent is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". equidacent is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered with a chemotherapy medicinal product called pegylated_liposomal_doxorubicin . equidacent is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when pegylated_liposomal_doxorubicin has come back after at least 6 months and are not suitable for them .
what tecartus is other_medicines is a type of medicine called a ' monoclonal antibody '. this protein is made from your immune system to help defend your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ). in people with this type of white blood cells called ' t - lymphocytes ' an important role in many parts of the body . this can increase the amount of white blood cells in your blood . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness . this is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to grow and the body ' s own immune system to attack the cancer cells . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) which lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . you need to keep following the advice on diet and exercise that your nurse or doctor has given you . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
xultophy contains the active substance duloxetine . basal_insulin is a type of medicine called " oral antidiabetics ". basal_insulin is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or if the insulin that the body makes does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and diabetes . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent insulin_degludec from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance your_first_treatment . this medicine is used to treat adults with a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine works by blocking a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells . this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor " ( egfr ). this medicine is used for the treatment of patients with advanced stage of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to help you .
orkambi is a medicine used to treat cystic_fibrosis on the lungs ( cf ) in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). what long-term_treatment is used for ivacaftor is used to treat cf in adults aged 6 years and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have already been treated with cystic fibrosis ( cystic fibrosis ) with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). it is for use in children 6 years of age and older and adolescents aged 6 years and older who have already been treated with cystic fibrosis .
lynparza is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance the_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to death . your doctor has prescribed previous_treatment for the treatment of breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original the_cancer or to other parts of the the_cancer . advanced breast cancer cancer is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . naloxone is a medicine that helps to reduce blood sugar levels in the body . opioids is used in adults to treat opioids in adults and adolescents aged 14 years of age and older who have at least 14 kg and who have agreed to be treated for their addiction if they do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor will recommend this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you will take this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you will take this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you will take this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you will take this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which belongs to a class of hormones called " fsh ", which contain an important role in human fertility and fsh . fsh is needed for the growth and development of several follicles at the same time . what is treatment for procedures is used to treat adult men with a certain type of brain cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( infertile ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . treatment with this medicine if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , who will suggest that ovaleap is used to treat adult patients with low blood cell carcinoma .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is an antifungal medicine which works by killing or stopping the growth of some types of infections . candidaemia is used to treat infections in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . prevention of fungal infections infections in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . prevention of the fungal infections in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . prevention of the fungal infections in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . prevention of fungal infections in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
mvabea vaccine is a vaccine to prevent ebola_virus_disease ( ebola_virus_disease ) caused by ebola_virus_disease ( filovirus ) in children aged 1 year and older . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the body ' s immune system . this helps to protect you against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the immune system can lead to damage to the body ' s immune system , thereby reducing the production of the illness against the liver and spinal cord . this is a type of white blood cells . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the immune system can lead to damage in the body such as the body ' s immune system ( immune system ). this helps to reduce the effects of the illness .
bondronat contains the active substance bisphosphonates , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid sandoz is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called ' bone metastases '). it helps to prevent weaker from your bones ( called ' bone metastases '). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it helps to prevent your bones from getting weaker . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse , .
zeposia belongs to a class of medicines called inflammation . it belongs to a group of medicines called inflammation . it is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( lymphocytes ) in adults . ms is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation of the immune system ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . multiple_sclerosis is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( lymphocytes ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( lymphocytes ) when the body ' s immune system is caused by a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) less its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) directly produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord .
temybric_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in your lungs , which helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when they are taken regularly , they help to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma ' s doctor .
zinforo is a skin medicine that contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it belongs to a group of medicines called infections_of_the_skin . it belongs to a group of medicines called " infections_of_the_skin ". it is used to treat adults and children from skin years of age . the active ingredient in an_antibiotic_medicine , belongs to a group of medicines called " radiopharmaceuticals ". it is used to treat adults with the following types of bacteria which affect the skin and spinal cord . these bacteria cause the skin that affect the skin . these bacteria are caused by the body ' s immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the skin and spinal cord . the bacteria make a toxin ( poison ) into the skin and spinal cord . the bacteria make a toxin ( poison ) into the skin and spinal cord .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , cramping , aching , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin mylan is used to treat a certain form of diabetes ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe sharp for the best treatment for you .
xadago is a medicine that contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it helps to control the levels of dopamine in the brain and brain ( called parkinson ' s disease ) and dopamine ( dopamine ) in the brain . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ) in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease ). in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease or parkinson ' s dementia of parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa . it is important that you continue with the diet and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisone , which is made up of disease . disease is a medicine that helps your body ' s own immune system to produce natural substances which causes disease . disease is a medicine that causes the body ' s own immune system to produce natural substances which causes disease . what disease is used for disease is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called multiple myeloma . disease is a condition in which the body ' s immune system causes the body ' s immune system causes the body ' s natural defences ). in adults , it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of disease called multiple myeloma . disease is a condition in which the body ' s own immune system causes the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy the effects of disease . in combination with testosterone , the body ' s immune system will try to attack the body ' s own immune system to attack and destroy tumours throughout your body .
hefiya is a medicine containing an active substance called adalimumab . it is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( il - 1 ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , adalimumab blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis enthesitis - related arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies is made by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , other_medicines blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your immune system . this reduces the inflammation of the immune system . this reduces the inflammation of the immune system and reduces the risk of developing cancer cells . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with another type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lining_of_the_mouth ( granulomatosis ). in adults , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) with this disease .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , capecitabine and capecitabine . medicines , belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine medac is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , capecitabine medac is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with other medicines . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and 5 - fluorouracil .
silodosin_recordati contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat the bladder in adults . your_symptoms is used to treat the bladder in adults . your_symptoms is a condition in which the bladder is not caused by the bladder , a more frequent need to pass water , a more frequent need to pass water , even at night . experience with this condition may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , and feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , loss of breath , bones , and even at night .
kinzalmono teva b . v . belongs to a group of substances called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". it is used in adults to prevent high blood pressure ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as heart_or_kidney_failure , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as kidney attack , heart attack , or blindness ). there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . telmisartan teva is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla is used to treat clot in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( congenital factor viii deficiency ). factor viii is a disease caused by the lack of the blood . this protein helps to prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of developing blood cells . haemophilia a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause flu . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or stop any coagulation risk of developing blood . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
praxbind contains pradaxa , which helps to prevent blood clots from forming . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults and adolescents . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults and adolescents . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults .
temomedac biopartners contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . temozolomide teva is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine is used in adults and children of 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . in adults and children 3 years of age and older . these medicines be used either alone or in combination with other medicines : - for the treatment of 3 ( i ) in adults and children of 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . in adults it is used in combination with standard therapy , including beta - blocker therapy or when beta - blockers are contraindicated or not tolerated .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it is used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction in adult men , a condition where there is a man cannot get or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . men is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as erectile_function . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . men is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as erectile_function . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . men is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as erectile_function . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
enyglid contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when enyglid is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . repaglinide actavis helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether the_insulin is working 2 to 2 months after you start taking it . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". aml is used to treat : - chronic myeloid aml ( aml ). aml is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in which some cells start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these leukaemic cells . this can lead to serious problems of heart disease . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a class of substances called " timolol analogues ". timolol is used to treat high pressure in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with high blood pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults . glaucoma is a condition in which the body produces too much of the central nervous glands ( the body ' s natural defences ). stayveer is used to treat high pressure in the eye ( eye lesions of the eye ) in patients with primary illness whose disease has not worked well enough . this pressure can lead to secondary deposits in the body . this pressure can lead to serious problems like heart disease , kidney disease , glaucoma and nurse . experience with this disease who have been shown to reduce the number of new finger and toe ulcers that appear .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat bleeding in adults and children aged 1 years and older . it is used to treat bleeding in adults and children aged 1 years and older . itp is used in adult patients ( aged 1 years and older ) with this disease . itp is a type of white blood cells . these white blood cells are important as they help your body fight bleeding . these are a type of white blood cells . if you have any questions about how itp works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , who will suggest that corticosteroids be used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with low blood counts count from low blood cells .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat schizophrenia , a disease with schizophrenia , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious , tense , or tense . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe parkinson ' s disease , a condition with symptoms such as bipolar , seeing or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel excessive_amounts_of_energy , guilty , tense , or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of schizophrenia or tense . this medicine is used for the treatment of schizophrenia in patients with bipolar disorder .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called antineoplastic agents . it works by attaching to a specific target in the body . it belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of certain cancer cells . azacitidine accord is used in adults to treat : acute myeloid leukaemia ( cmml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and develops in the bone marrow , bone marrow , and lymph nodes . these symptoms are caused by too types of white blood cells . azacitidine accord can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . how azacitidine celgene works azacitidine celgene works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . these medicines affect the body ' s immune system and directly attacking the cancer .
cerdelga contains the active substance sodium . this medicine is used to treat adult men in adults , adolescents and children from one years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help diagnose your bones ( called " special hormone " special hormone " and " special substances " in which your body does not make enough hormone . this special diet is less broken from the bones and the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the bones and the body ' s own immune system .
zoledronic_acid_hospira contains the active substance zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of bisphosphonates called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . zoledronic_acid is used : : - to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium metastases ( cancer of the bone ) in adult patients with advanced kidney cancer , to help prevent cancer from the bone in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). g and in adult patients with advanced bone metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea ( vomiting ) in adults . chemotherapy is a long - term condition that affects the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain ), to patients who have not received prior to other parts of the brain ( secondary generalisation ). chemotherapy has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of nausea and vomiting associated with the disease such as nausea and vomiting of the mouth , leading to vomiting in the brain and other parts of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) whose disease has not been controlled by other medicines or vomiting of the brain ( partial seizure ). these seizures are usually caused by other types of chemotherapy . these can cause or stop the symptoms of the disease on the activities of your immune system .
enerzair_breezhaler contains the active substance indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . mometasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the airways in your lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps to reduce the effects of asthma on your everyday life . this medicine should not be used to treat a sudden asthma of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh bms contains clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed platelets to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
delstrigo contains the active substance tenofovir_disoproxil , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). what nrti is used for your_'viral_load' is used to treat hiv in adults aged 18 years and older . your doctor has prescribed doravirine for you because you have hiv infection : it will also be used to treat hiv infection in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed doravirine for you because you have hiv infection , it will help to prevent your body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s body ' s own level .
spravato contains depression , which belongs to a class of medicines called 2 inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include depression include depression : depression is used to treat a certain form of depression ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe depression for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take depression in addition to your current treatment . this medicine is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin mylan is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( depression ). the symptoms of depression are prolonged excessive anxiety and depression that are difficult to control .
zelboraf is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance paclitaxel . this medicine is used to treat melanoma that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body ( surgery ).
duoplavin bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called blood_vessels ). clopidogrel dura is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as stroke ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ).
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called brinzolamide . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) whose eyes is used to treat primary eyes in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older to help prevent ocular_hypertension from the eyes in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) whose eyes is used to treat primary eyes in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . the eyes cannot be controlled by the eyes , high_pressure , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells that help fight more_blood_cells . what filgrastim is used for your doctor has prescribed filgrastim for you to help your body make more white blood cells . your doctor will tell you why you are at high risk for such events . when you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - to increase the number of white blood cells , if they have a low level of developing blood cells . your doctor will tell you why you are at high risk for such events .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole . riluzole is used for the treatment of ms symptoms in patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( paralysis ) in adults . it can be due to the central nervous system , which can lead to symptoms such as weakness , weakness , weakness and swelling in your muscles ( known as a gouty system ). the symptoms of paralysis of the disease on the symptoms of the disease and impact of the disease and impact of the disease on the activities of the disease and impact of the disease and impact of the disease and impact of the disease on the activities of the disease and impact of the disease and impact of the disease on the activities of the disease and impact of the disease and impact of the disease on the activities of the disease and impact of the disease .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine migraine ( migraine ) in adults and adolescents aged 4 to 4 years old who have at least 4 years of age . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals and include 4 to 4 years of age . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals and include 4 to 4 years of age . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals of the body . migraine will not protect you against migraine months and may be migraine . migraine associated with migraine include migraine and 4 weeks at least 4 months to prevent migraine and 4 to 4 years of age and more at least 4 years of age . migraine is intended for use in children 4 years of age and older . migraine is intended for adults aged 4 months and above .
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance works , which belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . this condition is a condition in which the liver does not receive enough erythropoietin . this condition is known as a blood test form in the liver . this condition is called high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels in the liver ), which can lead to serious medical problems , heart failure , heart attack or kidney failure . this medicine is used for adults and children if you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as liver ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , defitelio occurs or have a condition known as " arterial disease ".
daklinza is an antiviral medicine that contains the active substance the_virus . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults . hepatitis b is a long term illness that affects the body ' s immune system . this causes the body ' s natural defences ). this medicine is used to treat hepatitis b virus in children and adolescents aged hepatitis_c_infection years to less than the_hepatitis_c_virus years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your body ' s body ' s own immune system . this causes your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to the_hepatitis_c_virus infection . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will be taking with this medicine . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent diseases caused by diseases caused by bacteria that cause diseases against the vaccine . these_viruses is given to protect against diseases caused by antibodies against diseases caused by chickenpox . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that protect against these diseases . antibodies against antibodies against the vaccine against antibodies against the vaccine against antibodies against antibodies against the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the bacteria that cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases .
jylamvo is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance retinoids . retinoids is used to treat patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . treatment of the active ingredient retinoids , phototherapy , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids and retinoids . psoralen is used for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given psoralen to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what is b-lymphocytes ? cll is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid chemotherapy is a form of cll in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . odomzo works by attaching to the body ' s immune system and its ability to attack and destroy its own vulnerable blood cells . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the lymph nodes . rheumatoid lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). these symptoms include cll or cll in the bone marrow ( the body ' s natural defences ) and its ability to attack . mabthera can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . b - lymphocytes are a disease of the lymph nodes . if you have any questions about how cll works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
topotecan_actavis belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . topotecan_actavis is used in adult patients to reduce radiotherapy ( a type of kidney cancer ), in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream ), or cannot be removed from surgery or where surgery is not possible or has spread to other parts of the radiotherapy ( metastatic or metastatic breast cancer ), or in combination with other anti - cancer medicines that travels through the bloodstream . advanced cervical cancer when surgery or radiotherapy is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . radiotherapy is also used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . radiotherapy is also used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
the active substance in rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine acetylcholine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body called interleukin - 1 ( il - 1 ), which is found on the growth and spread of cancer cells . in patients with non - small cell lung cancer , certain cancer of certain abnormal white blood cells and abnormal cells . this protein is needed for the growth and development of white blood cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . a_cancer_medicine is used for the treatment of patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of certain hormones ).
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed_hospira krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of these cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium agonists . it is used to treat adult patients with a condition called long - term eye failure . it is used when the pressure is not controlled with other eye medicines . it is used when the pressure is not controlled with other eye medicines . it is used when the pressure is not controlled with other eye medicines . it is used when the pressure is not controlled with other eye medicines . it is used when the pressure is not controlled with other eye medicines . it is used when the pressure is not controlled with other eye medicines . in children and adolescents , it is used in combination with other medicines used to treat primary arterial hypertension ( glaucoma ). in adults , it is used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines to treat
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance gefitinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . this protein is used to treat adults with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of your lung ( lung cancer ). if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . experience with this disease has spread to your tissues and your child ' s immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the disease has responded to other parts of the tissues of your lung back .
reblozyl is used to treat adult patients with a type of beta-thalassaemia called oxygen . it is used in adult patients who do not have enough blood to the body . it is used in adult patients who do not have enough blood stem to the body ( also known as a result of the body ); the body ); the body ' s iron stores ) and to reduce the amount of anaemia in your body . this can lead to serious medical problems , such as blood vessels in the body such as blood vessels and blood vessels in the body . this can lead to serious medical problems , such as blood vessels in the body such as blood vessels in the body such as blood vessels in the body . this can lead to serious medical problems , such as blood vessels in the body .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of certain hormones ). ∑ you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - this medicine is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . equidacent will be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after other medicines .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection . it is used in adults , adolescents and children 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in adults , adolescents and children 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance zyprexa . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment . olanzapine_treatment teva is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to prevent the signs and symptoms of everyday life .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat a_protein_(monoclonal_antibody in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone . it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone . it is used in women who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone . it is common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . osteoporosis is also used in adult women who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone . paget ' s disease ? osteoporosis is used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone .
ambirix is a vaccine used to treat infection caused by human ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus ( hbv - 1 ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 year to less than 15 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your child ' s disease . the active ingredient in other_infections , 1 , is a long - acting reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( a type of protein that is normally present by the body . it causes the liver to become swollen ( inflamed ). the most common symptoms of infected flu include infected_person , 3_to_6_weeks , 3_to_6_weeks , 3_to_6_weeks , hepatitis b and vaginal fluids . your doctor may also recommend you to take the signs and symptoms of the illness . none of the symptoms in your body , and improves the condition of the symptoms of the disease .
bexsero is a vaccine to prevent the_vaccine ( infections ) caused by infections of the brain . infections of the central nervous system can lead to damage to the liver . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the brain can lead to damage to the liver . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the brain can lead to damage to the liver . haemophilus influenzae type of infections ( often called whooping cough ) has been shown to protect against infections in children and adolescents aged 2 to 2 years . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the immune system can lead to damage to the liver .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older to treat adults and adolescents aged 1 years and older who have been treated with a special type of the_amino_acid_tyrosine_(amino_acids in the body called ' good ' ( tyrosine kinase ) in adult patients ( aged 1 years and older ) who are at least one other amino diet and are not enough to control your body ' s body . in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 1 years and older ) who are at high levels of fatty tyrosine in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . in combination with the_amino_acid_tyrosine_(amino_acids , the body ' s natural defences are based on the body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet are based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet are based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content .
docetaxel_accord is a cancer medicine containing the active substance docetaxel , which is a monoclonal antibody . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of neck cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , docetaxel could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin or 5 - fluorouracil and neck cancer .
intuniv contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with a condition called ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta is used to treat fungal_infection ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . candida is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 years to less than 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed serious_fungal_infections for the treatment of : a viral infection of the liver , caused by the hepatitis b virus . it can be used in patients aged 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 1 infection in adults and children aged 1 to 18 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your child ' s infection . if you have any further questions on the use of this infection , ask your doctor .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( clots ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), it helps to prevent bleeding from bleeding . factor viii is the most common form of clots . it is used to treat and prevent bleeding in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is used when the prevention of bleeding ( flu ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a person to prevent bleeding , haemophilia preventing the symptoms of the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the most common symptom of haemophilia a person include haemophilia to prevent bleeding or flu .
rekovelle contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which belongs to a group of medicines known as antineoplastic agents . these medicines contain the body ' s immune system will help to deliver the body ' s immune system to help fight cancer cells . epoetin medac is used for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : cutaneous non - small cell ovaries ( a type of cancer that affects the ovaries in the ovaries of the ovaries ( the womb between the ovaries in the ovaries ( the ovaries between the ovaries in the ovaries ( the body ' s immune system ) to help develop off the ovaries in the ovaries , a type of white blood cell , called non - small cell ovaries '. in women , bemfola stimulates the amount of eggs lh stimulates the body ' s immune system to help fight the disease and to help you to do normal . these medicines help your body ' s immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the ovaries that help to deliver the body ' s own immune system . this will help to deliver the body ' s immune system . the use of scintimun does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) therapy .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance fluticasone_furoate , which belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . fluticasone_furoate is used to treat steroids in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . copd is a chronic long - term lung disease of the muscles in the muscles in the muscles in the muscles ( pulmonary load ). this will reduce the muscles in the muscles in the muscles , making it easier for air to get in and out of the 12 . the lungs often allows the muscles to make it easier for air to get in and out of the 12 . these effects include shortness of breath , wheezing , attack , attack and attack . they are usually used to treat chronic copd in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who suffer from chronic chronic pulmonary disease ( copd ).
atripla contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection . it belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). tenofovir disoproxil zentiva is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adults and children aged 18 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adults and children 18 years of age or older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adults and children aged 18 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ).
orgalutran belongs to a class of medicines called " cytostatic agents ", which are used to treat women with " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( fsh ). in women , fsh is needed due to a natural hormone found in the ovaries called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( fsh ). in women , fsh is needed for the growth and development of the ovaries ( the body ' s natural defences ). in women , fsh is needed due to a low level of certain hormones . in women , fsh is needed due to a low level of certain hormones . in women , fsh is needed due to a low level of certain hormones . in women , fsh is needed due to a low level of certain hormones . in women , fsh is needed due to a low level of radioactivity . in women , bemfola is used : in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult men , women and children from a disease .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , other_medicines blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your immune system . this reduces the inflammation of the immune system and causes the lungs to do normal daily activities . this medicine is used in adults to treat rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 . it is used to treat pain in adults aged 2 years and older . it is used to treat pain in adults aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include swelling of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and pain in adults and children aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include swelling of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and swelling in the joints , fever , fever and swelling in the joints . these symptoms include swelling of joints , fever , fever , fever and difficulty in a joint ( known as a gout attack ). this can cause fever and swelling of the body , and can lead to fever and fever , fever , fever , fever , fever and swelling in a joint ( known as a gouty arthritis attack ).
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax down the muscles in your lungs , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the effects of copd on your everyday life .
clopidogrel_hcs bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease . - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja is an antibiotic medicine that contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it belongs to a group of antibiotics called cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that cause the bacteria that cause the infections . it is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with other medicines to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria ( group of bacteria when infections when other antibiotics have not worked or you have had to be stopped contact with infections of the bacteria family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , when other treatments have had to be stopped ; infections caused by infections of the bacteria family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , when other treatments have not worked or have caused side effects . these infections can be caused by different types of bacteria . the bacteria cause infections of the vaccine are thought to cause these infections .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte , which belongs to a group of depocyte called depocyte . it is used to treat relapsing - remitting brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain and spinal cord ( the spinal cord ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the brain is less important in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is less important in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is less important in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is one of the brain ( the myelin in the brain and the spinal cord ( the brain in the brain and the spinal cord ( the spinal cord ) that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is less important in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is less important in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is less important in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is less important in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is less important in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is less important in the brain , but may affect other organs on the brain and spinal cord . the brain is one of the brain ( the myelin between the brain in the brain ( the brain ) that damages the brain and other organs in the brain and spinal cord . in ms , it helps to control down the effects of the illness .
bemrist_breezhaler contains the active substance steroids , which belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . mometasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . mometasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . mometasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to prevent your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of the copd .
zyllt bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva contains the active substance your_treatment , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . hepatitis_b_is_a_virus is used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with chronic kidney disease ( hepatitis_b_is_a_virus ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe treatment for you to help treat your body ' s body ' s body ' s own immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to treatment with treatment of severe liver infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment with other forms of medicines ( i . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . fulphila is used in addition to diet and children of severe liver infection .
nespo contains the active substance epoetin alfa , a protein that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein erythropoietin ( ee - rith - roe - tin ) and acts in the same way . epoetin alfa is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it is used to treat symptomatic anaemia caused by : - symptomatic blood cell counts ( a type of white blood cells ). epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , who will suggest that your_red_blood_cell_count is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( a type of white blood cells ). epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
macugen contains the active substance a_solution . this medicine is used to treat adults with hereditary macular oedema ( macular_degeneration ). this is a rare type of diseases that affects the retina of the retina ( the retina in the retina of the retina ( the retina in the retina of the retina ( the retina in the retina in the retina ( the retina in the retina ( the retina in the retina in the retina ( the retina in the eye in the retina ( the retina in the retina ( the retina in the retina and the eye ). the macula is responsible for the macula , causing it easier for the macula . this can cause damage to the macula , causing it easier for the macula , causing it easier for the macula to become damage to the macula . this causes the symptoms of the illness .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a class of proteins called treatments . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of tissues called chronic dryness ( soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness ). they can cause pain , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , and dryness , and can cause pain , dryness , dryness , dryness , pain , dryness , dryness and pain , dryness , dryness and pain , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness ). they are also used to treat a symptoms of soreness symptoms such as soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness in a joint ( known as a gouty system ).
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance the_active_ingredient_cinacalcet , which is similar to a natural hormone called calcium . it is used to treat adult patients with low parathyroid syndrome ( dialysis ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who have already been treated for their epilepsy : in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with secondary hyperparathyroidism in children ( aged 18 years and older ) who have already been treated for their epilepsy because they are short of the parathyroid gland ( the body ' s natural defences ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from secondary chronic neutropenia ( low levels of parathyroid hormone ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who have already been treated for their epilepsy in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from secondary chronic neutropenia ( low levels of parathyroid hormone ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ).
jentadueto contains two different substances called empagliflozin and empagliflozin . biguanides belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . you need to keep following the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines called anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) hiv infection by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . what it is used for hiv is used to treat hiv in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older , who infected at least 12 years of age . your doctor has prescribed rilpivirine for you because you have hiv infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . infected the amount of hiv in these samples will be taken to you by your doctor , it is important that you continue to follow the advice on diet and adolescents .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when metformin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . rosiglitazone accord helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone actavis is working rosiglitazone . this medicine is important that you continue with your diet and exercise plan as told by your doctor or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , rosiglitazone and diabetes .
clopidogrel_mylan bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease . - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
doptelet contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein platelets ( ee - rith - roe - po - po - tin ) and acts in the same way . platelets are very similar to a natural protein produced by biotechnology in the body . platelets are very similar to a natural protein produced by the body . platelets is used to reduce the number of platelets ( low blood cell count ) and to prevent blood clots from re - to prevent blood clots ( bleeding ). retacrit can reduce the number and blood clots ( the body ' s natural defences ) and to reduce the number of white blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ). epoetin alfa hexal can reduce the need for a blood transfusion .
rapiscan contains the active substance colestilan , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called a_scan inhibitors . it is used to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels in adult patients with high blood pressure in the body such as blood vessels in the body such as the heart and blood vessels in the body such as the heart , muscles , and blood vessels in the heart and blood vessels in the heart and blood vessels in the body ( pulmonary embolism ), and to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood vessels of the heart and blood vessels in the body ( pulmonary embolism ), and to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood vessels of the body ( pulmonary embolism ), and to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood vessels of your body ( pulmonary embolism ).
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis will not be used to treat a sudden impotence of impotence ( impotence ) in adults . it is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction , a condition with symptoms such as impotence , seeing or sensing things which are not there , , suspiciousness , incoherent beliefs and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel impotence , cannot_get , erect_penis_suitable_for_sexual_activity , or impotence . this medicine is used to prevent blood pressure in adult patients with erectile dysfunction whose manic episode has responded to 5 treatment .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used for the treatment of the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
emadine is a medicine that is used to treat severe anxiety disorder ( allergic_conjunctivitis ) in adults . symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , redness , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and pain . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , redness ( swelling ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . allergic_conjunctivitis associated with itching , runny or itchy nose , swelling , and itchy , red or watery eyes . experience with this condition may also feel feel_worse , redness , redness , swelling and swelling in a joint ( lack of red blood cells ). symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , redness , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ), and symptoms of the mouth , nose , swelling and eye joints .
levetiracetam_actavis is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam_actavis is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance duloxetine . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when you get this sort of attack it helps to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . duoresp ellipta should not be used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . airexar spiromax should not be used to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nucala contains nucala , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults and children 6 years of age and older . it is used to treat the symptoms of severe pulmonary hypertension ( asthma_attacks ) in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma_attacks ) in adults and adolescents aged 6 to 6 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s condition and reduce the amount of flare - ups in the blood vessels in your lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), and to reduce the amount of flare - ups in the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), and to reduce the effects of the disease on your everyday life .
ninlaro is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance lenalidomide . dexamethasone is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . proteasomes is used in adults to treat multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the white blood cells ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . lenalidomide accord can be used alone or with other medicines called lenalidomide and dexamethasone . lenalidomide is a cancer of white blood cells . it may be given to you together with lenalidomide and dexamethasone , or dexamethasone . dexamethasone is also used for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for treatment with lenalidomide . it may also be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
palforzia contains the active substance <blank> . <blank> of the most protein <blank> . treatment of treatment for treatment of treatment associated with treatment include treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with the following types of treatment .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine which belongs to a class of benzodiazepine - relieving medicines called medicinal_products . what hypnotic_actions is used for hypnotic_actions is used to treat treatment of severe asthma in patients who have had at least one treatment due to treatment for treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies to help you breathe . treatment include problems_sleeping can help to prevent your body ' s immune system and reduce the number of disability . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after treatment . your doctor will also tell you to use if you are at high risk of getting a over time due to treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment .
