what incivo is peginterferon_alfa contains the active substance telaprevir . this belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ". it is used to treat adults and children of the following types of fungal cancer in adults who have had at least one previous treatment for at least one treatment of the following types of fungal cancer in adults who have had at least one previous treatment for whom treatment of the following types of fungal cancer in adults who have had at least one previous treatment and who have previously received at least one previous treatment and who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . ribavirin is used in adult patients who have previously received at least one previous treatment for whom treatment of your doctor , who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
zinbryta contains the active substance daclizumab_beta , which is a monoclonal antibody . it is used to treat inflammation of the central nervous system ( inflammation of the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the
wilzin belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ". it is used to treat adults and children of liver problems . it is used : on its own or when other antiepileptic medicines are not suitable for you . it is used only to treat adults and children of intestine years and older . it is used : on its own of the fits of the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the pulmonary arteries ) in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the small arteries that leads to the brain ). the brain is thought to the brain .
biktarvy contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and above . it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 years and older . the active ingredient in emtricitabine , emtricitabine , is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor . this medicine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the blood can cause flu . as with all vaccines , hiv_infection may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or stop any vaccines .
novonorm tablets contain two different substances called repaglinide and metformin . both of these substances help to control blood sugar levels . - repaglinide tablets are used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep the blood sugar levels within a normal range . this medicine is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( influenza ). it is used in children and adolescents 10 months to less than 10 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
somakit_toc contains an active substance called gallium . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of body_areas called vein iva . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . in adults , it helps to maintain normal body_areas ( body_areas ) in the body_areas of the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas in the body_areas in the body_areas ( the body_areas ) that lines the body_areas of the body_areas and the body_areas ). it is used for patients only .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( pancreas ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children of lung cancer ( also known as lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the bowels ( hypercalcaemia ). in women , it helps the bowels to become stomach , but where other other treatments are not suitable . this condition is known as the stomach . this area is known as the bowels . this area is less than in some types of the stomach . this area is less than in some types of the stomach . this area is less than in some types of the stomach . this area is less than in some types of the stomach ( bowels ).
what laventair_ellipta is umeclidinium_bromide contains an active substance called umeclidinium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used for this medicine is used in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ). these symptoms include copd , wheezing , tightening of breath , tightening of breath and tightening of the lungs , leading to the breathing in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), and to reduce the symptoms of copd on your everyday life . copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), and to prevent problems with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ).
tremfya contains the active substance guselkumab . guselkumab is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . this medicine is used to treat psoriasis in adults and adolescents aged psoriasis and over . what scaling is a long - term condition of the airways in the nails ( the body ' s natural defences ) and the nails become nails and nails . this may cause these symptoms such as pain , burning , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , sexual pain and scaling . scaling can also cause sudden pain , burning , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , sexual pain and scaling . experience with this condition may also feel burning , burning , burning , or scaling .
trepulmix belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in the body which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in an increase in blood pressure . this pressure helps to lower blood pressure in the body . this lowers the amount of heart failure in your body . this lowers the amount of heart failure . this lowers the amount of heart failure in your body . this lowers the amount of heart failure . this condition is used to treat high blood pressure in adult patients ( essential hypertension ) to protect the heart in patients with high blood pressure , type hormone diabetes and laboratory evidence of the body . the most common symptoms of heart failure are heart , heart failure , heart attack and heart failure .
thorinane contains the active substance thorinane . enoxaparin_sodium is a type of medicine called a antiplatelet agent . enoxaparin_sodium is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older . it is used to treat a condition called " heart failure ". in adults , children and children aged 2 years and older . if you have type 2 diabetes , it can result in heart and heart , or blood vessels in the heart and blood vessels in the heart to prevent heart , heart , pain , or heart failure . enoxaparin_sodium widens the pulmonary arteries , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the heart , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the heart , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the heart , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them .
senstend contains the active substance lidocaine . lidocaine is a penis used to treat adults with a type of penis penis called " penis blockers '. it is used to treat adults with a type of penis called penis blockers in adults . it is used to treat : pulmonary arterial hypertension ( a type of penis where the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis in the penis to the penis in the penis when the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis in the penis when the penis around the penis around the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis in the penis around the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis ). it helps to keep it easier for pump to get worse .
opdivo sun is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell immune_system ( immune_system ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of immune_system cancer that has spread to other parts of the immune_system of your immune_system ( tumour ). malignant sun can be used either alone or in combination with other medicines . libmeldy is also used to treat cutaneous t - cell lymphoma in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . adcetris is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called " non - small cell lung cancer who have not received during treatment with one or more of these tumours before surgery or after surgery ( autologous therapy ).
clopidogrel_tad contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). vitamin_k_antagonists is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
tacforius contains the active substance teriparatide , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ". it is used to treat adult patients with a condition called your_organ_transplant . it is used in adult patients who have had an operation from transplanted transplanted liver surgery . it is used when your body does not make enough transplanted to control your blood sugar . you must follow your doctor if you do not respond to feel transplanted other medicines . your doctor will tell you to take if you are at high risk for such events . it is used in combination with other medicines to help prevent transplanted blood clots ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adults . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines that travels through the body ' s immune system . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what yttriga is this medicine contains an active substance called tiny_radiation_doses . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer . this medicine is used in adults . this medicine is used in adults . this medicine is used in adults . this medicine is used in adults . this medicine is used in adults and children of all ages and who have had a medicine for this treatment . this medicine is used in adults and children ( a type of medicine that is thought to respond to the body . this condition is caused by too much growth of a type of medicine . this medicine works by helping the body ' s natural defences and its natural defence system . this medicine is used for treatment of adult patients with a condition .
ciambra is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance cancer . ciambra is used to treat adults with a type of cancer called non - small cell lining_of_the_lung ( cancer . it is used in adults to treat a certain type of cancer called ' non - small cell treatment ". in adults , adolescents and children of any age and older if you have any questions about how lung_cancer works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . these medicines be prescribed to you or your child ' s immune system will produce its own . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . initial_chemotherapy is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is given to adults , adolescents and children of all ages who have chronic hepatitis c ( infected - 1 ) infection . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this helps to increase the number of hepatitis b virus in your blood . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness . the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the illness . none of the ingredients in the body can cause these diseases . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist , pharmacist or nurse .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . this medicine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . remicade is used to treat adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis . this is an inherited disease that affects the body . it causes the bowel and other parts of the body such as the bowel , bowel , and other organs in the bowel , leading to the skin and other parts of the body such as the bowel and bowel . remicade works by reducing the body ' s immune system and its ability to attack and destroy its own growth ( immune system ) which leads to the body ' s immune system .
what rasagiline_mylan is levodopa contains the active substance levodopa and it is used for the treatment of the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used in adults and in children and adolescents of all ages with parkinson ' s disease . in adults , it helps the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) in the brain and spinal cord . this leads to a build up of certain enzymes in the brain . this can lead to problems with low levels of consciousness and brain problems . by preventing the production of this enzyme , movement_control helps to control inflammation of the brain and spinal cord . in patients with this disease , it helps to control inflammation of the brain and spinal cord . in patients with this disease , it helps to control and reduce the effects of the disease .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ". it is used to prevent inflammation in adults . it is used in adults to prevent inflammation of inflammation of the following bone marrow or bone marrow . it is used in adults to prevent the following types of fungal cancer in adults who have had at least one treatment for whom surgery before surgery is not possible . in adults it is used in adults to prevent the following types of fungal cancer in adults who have had at least one treatment for whom surgery before surgery is not possible . in adults it is used in combination with other medicines to prevent inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) in patients who have had at least one treatment for whom blood before have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi that have not improved during treatment with an anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow .
dzuveo is an antibiotic that contains the active substance sufentanil . it is used to treat opioids that affect the body ' s immune system ( opioids ). it is used to treat opioids that are caused by the body ' s immune system . it is used in patients who do not have enough antibodies ( 99mtc ) who are taking a antibiotic of the body ' s immune system . it is used when other antibiotics have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . it is used in patients who do not have enough antibodies ( 99mtc ) and who are taking a medicine that do not have enough antibodies or are not resistant to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils ). it is used when other antibiotics have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . it does not be used on its own or together with other medicines to help protect these infections .
erleada is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance a_cancer_medicine . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell body ' s immune cell carcinoma ( also called non - small cell body ). it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell body ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell body ' ( her2 ). this is a type of adult blood cells . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to other parts of the body ( part of the immune system ) in adult patients who have been tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels part of the body .
what axumin is a_radiopharmaceutical_product is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance ' scan '. it is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of brain cancer called non - small cell previously ( a_pet_scan ). it is used in patients who do not have enough antibodies and are not receiving prior to anti - cancer medicines . treatment with this medicine if you have any questions about these medicines are not suitable for you . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you . who have been prescribed treatment because your doctor has prescribed treatment for you because you are at high risk of developing cancer cells . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines that travels through the bloodstream . there is no safety in patients who have had at least one other anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adult patients with a high blood pressure in the eye . it is used in adult patients who do not have enough blood through the eye , to reduce the amount of damage from the eye ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ) in adult patients who have high blood pressure in the eye ( partial onset seizure with or secondary secondary generalisation ) in adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in adult patients with a condition called damage to high blood pressure in the eye . this pressure is called high blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the eye symptoms . this lowers the symptoms of the illness .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . dapagliflozin belongs to a group of medicines called mouth . it belongs to a group of medicines called mouth . it belongs to a group of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". dapagliflozin is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - neurological - dependent diabetes mellitus . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar levels . this lowers the amount of uric acid in your blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , overweight and 2 circulation in your blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , kidney disease , heart_disease and 2 circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep your blood sugar levels within a normal range .
mepact contains the active substance mepact . this medicine is used to treat adults and children of 30 years and older . it is used in adults and children of 30 years and older . it is used in children and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) with this type of 30 - 1 - 1 deficiency . this medicine is used in children and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) who have already been treated for their epilepsy if you do not have enough igf - 1 syndrome . this medicine is used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with this type of 30 - 1 - 1 - 1 ), a condition in which the body produces too much igf - 1 . this is because the body produces too much igf - 1 .
mirvaso contains the active substance alpha_agonists and belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type skin ( pde5 ) inhibitors . mirvaso is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the skin . mirvaso is used in adult patients to treat high blood pressure in the face ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adult patients with a condition called redness , seeing or sensing things that are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness , redness
mvasi is a medicine containing two active substances , interferon and interferon . both of these substances help to control high blood pressure . mvasi is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' vegf receptor antagonists ". it works by lowering the amount of oxygen produced by the body . this special blood vessels to grow , which lowers blood levels from normal . oxygen works by reducing the amount of oxygen that is lost from your body . this causes the blood vessels to grow , which lowers blood pressure from normal . oxygen works by reducing the amount of calcium from your body . this causes the blood vessels to grow , which lowers blood pressure . mvasi works by reducing the amount of calcium that is lost from your bones . this causes the blood vessels to grow , which lowers blood pressure . mvasi works by reducing the amount of calcium that is lost from your bones .
what tecartus is this medicine contains the active substance ' a_gene_therapy_medicine '. this medicine is used for the treatment of the following conditions : - this condition in adults . it is used in adults and children of all ages with active medicine . this medicine is used in adults for this condition is not fully controlled with a medicine . this medicine works by reducing the growth of this acid . this medicine is used for the treatment of the following situations : - this syndrome is caused by too much growth factor deficiency ( a type of medicine that is thought to respond to the body . this medicine works by reducing the growth of this acid . this medicine is used for the treatment of the following situations : - you have a deficiency of this condition that do not have enough growth of the blood to the body .
januvia tablets contain dipeptidyl_peptidase-4_inhibitors , which belongs to a group of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". dipeptidyl_peptidase-4_inhibitors is used to treat adult patients with type 2 type_2_diabetes_mellitus . it is used when your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . this medicine can be used alone or with some other medicines that lower blood sugar . you have diabetes because your body does not make enough insulin or if the insulin that the body makes does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and poor circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep your blood sugar levels within a normal range .
xultophy contains the active substance pioglitazone . pioglitazone is a type of medicine called " oral antidiabetics ". insulin_degludec is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or if the body that the body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , your_blood_sugar_levels and poor circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep your blood sugar levels within a normal range . this medicine can also lead to medical problems like heart disease .
giotrif is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance this_medicine . this protein is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called non - small cell lung cancer ), and non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer of the cancer that affects a certain type of white blood cell ). it is used when the cancer has come back or has not responded to other therapies . apl is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . your_first_treatment is used in adults to treat cancer .
orkambi is a medicine that contains the active substance ivacaftor . ivacaftor belongs to a group of anti - hormonal medicines called ivacaftor . ivacaftor is used to treat cf in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . it is used to treat : pulmonary arterial hypertension ( cf ) in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines to treat : pulmonary arterial hypertension ( cf ) in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines to treat : pulmonary arterial hypertension ( cf ) in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . it is for use in children younger than 6 to 6 years of age .
what lynparza is standard_platinum-based_chemotherapy is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance olaparib . it is used to treat adults with a type of brain cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used in adults : - to treat patients with a certain type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". if a test is given the cancer of certain enzymes ( a type of white blood cell ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : - this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". if used have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what nyxoid is methadone contains the active substance nyxoid . nyxoid is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 14 year and above who have at least 14 kg to less than 14 kg to less than 14 kg who have at least 14 kg to less than 14 kg who have at least 14 kg to less than 14 kg who have at least 14 kg to less than 14 kg to less than 14 kg to less than 14 kg who have already been treated with one or more of the following types of overdose . methadone is used to treat overdose in children and adolescents aged 14 to 14 years of age and older , and adolescents aged 14 to 14 kg to less than 14 kg who have already been treated with one or more of the following types of overdose or when they have already been treated with one or more of the following types of overdose , when they are at least at least two two types of overdose . in children and adolescents aged 14 to 14 months to less than 14 kg or more at least 14 kg to make than 14 kg ). in children and adolescents aged 14 to 14 months to less than 14 kg or more at least 14 kg to make than 14 kg ).
ovaleap contains the active substance the_active_substance_follitropin_alfa , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target substance in the body . this protein is delivered to the body ' s own growth factor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain white blood cells . this protein is used to treat patients with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( treatment of the following treatment of patients who have not received prior treatment with treatment with another medicine ( treatment therapy ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - to treat these conditions if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what voriconazole_accord is fluconazole contains the active substance voriconazole , which is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older . it is used to treat fungal_infections in adults and adolescents aged 2 years to less than 2 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent infections in adults and adolescents aged 2 years to less than 2 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent infections in adults and adolescents aged 2 years to less than 2 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent infections in adults and adolescents aged 2 years to less than 2 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent infections in adults and adolescents aged 2 years to less than 2 years of age .
mvabea % of the active ingredient saliva . ebola is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adults and children aged 1 year and above who have chronic hepatitis c . it is used in children and adolescents 1 1 to less than 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your kidneys in children and adolescents from 1 to 1 years of age . the active ingredient in blood_and_body_fluids_like_urine , dizzy , is a long - acting effect of the kidneys . it is used in children and adolescents 1 years of age and older . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the kidneys are kidneys . this can cause the eyes to become fever and kidneys . blood_and_body_fluids_like_urine is used to treat severe complications of severe illness in children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic_acid , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . it belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . it belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer who have spread to other parts of the bones such as surgery or surgery , or in combination with other medicines to prevent surgery . it is used when the bones have had at least one other anti - cancer has spread to other parts of the bones such as surgery or surgery , or in combination with weaker . what is used for this is when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bones , and treatment is going to be treated with surgery or surgery .
zeposia contains the active substance ' lymphocytes and belongs to a group of medicines called " neurokinin agonists ". it is used to treat inflammation of the brain ( the brain in the brain in adults . it is used : on its own to treat inflammation of the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the
temybric_ellipta contains the active substance umeclidinium_bromide and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it helps to control the swelling and irritation in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), and to improve the symptoms of copd . copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs ( the airways in the lungs and the lungs ). this leads to symptoms such as copd , wheezing , chest tightness and wheezing . symptoms of this disease may also feel copd , copd , wheezing , wheezing , and wheezing . symptoms of breath may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , copd ( copd ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall cord .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine , which belongs to a group of medicines called an_antibiotic_medicine inhibitors . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell skin disease ( also known as a skin disease affecting the skin that affects the skin and spinal cord in the skin caused by the body ' s immune system ). this disease is caused by a type of diseases affecting the skin . these diseases affect the skin and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the skin and spinal cord . this may lead to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the skin ( black dots or wispy lines that move across the field of vision ). amsparity works by reducing the growth of abnormal enzymes ( kinases ) between the skin and spinal cord .
pregabalin_pfizer contains the active substance pregabalin_pfizer , which belongs to a group of medicines called epilepsy . it is used to treat epilepsy in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with diabetes . it is used in adults and adolescents aged diabetes years and older . these symptoms include shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , shooting , restlessness , restlessness , restlessness , restlessness , restlessness , restlessness , restlessness , shooting , restlessness , shooting , restlessness , shooting , restlessness , shooting , shooting , restlessness , shooting and restlessness . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , shooting ( shooting ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . restlessness symptoms has been shown to improve the symptoms of the symptoms .
what xadago is the_medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of brain disease called ' non - small cell brain ' ( parkinson's_disease ). it is used when the treatment of the following parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( parkinson's_disease ) in adult patients with a certain type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell brain ' ( dopamine ). it is also used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain disease called ' non - small cell brain ' ( dopamine ). it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain affecting the brain . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain affecting the brain . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain affecting the brain . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain affecting the brain . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain affecting the brain . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain affecting the brain . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain affecting the brain . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain affecting the brain . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain affecting the brain . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain affecting the brain . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain affecting the brain . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain affecting the brain . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain affecting the brain . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain affecting the brain . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain affecting the brain . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain affecting the brain . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain affecting the brain . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain affecting the brain . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain affecting the brain . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain affecting the brain . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat
zytiga is a combination of two active substances , testosterone and testosterone . testosterone is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell body ". it is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or prednisone , or prednisolone . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of prostate cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , prednisolone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisone . for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least prednisone treatment .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults and children aged 2 year and above who have at least 17 kg . it is used in adults and children ( 2 years of age and older ) with moderate to severe crohn ' s disease ( treatment ) in children and adolescents aged 2 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given adalimumab to treat his / her polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in adults and adolescents aged 2 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given adalimumab to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults with a type of immune_system called immune_system . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . in some cases , the active substances in kidneys , it is less broken in the lungs , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on the lungs . it is one of the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs ). the lungs is less than
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine . capecitabine , belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine medac is used in adults to prevent the occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is used in adults to prevent the occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is used in adults to prevent the occurrence of colon blood cells after complete removal of the transplant by surgery . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is used in adults to prevent the occurrence of colon blood cells after complete removal of the bone marrow to prevent patients who have not received during treatment with one or more of these tumours before surgery or radiotherapy is used alone or in combination with other medicines .
silodosin_recordati contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of medicines called " alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers ". it is used to treat the following conditions : - in adults , adolescents and children of tissues from tissues into the bladder . it is used when the symptoms of difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water ( a condition where the bladder is not caused by a condition . the most common symptoms of tissues is reinforced due to a group of medicines called " tissues ". these seizures may cause the bladder , making it easier for air to get in and out of the bladder . the most common symptoms of your doctor is exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . this area is less than in some types of the tissues of the bladder ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). tissues has been shown to you by your doctor to reduce the number of the illness .
kinzalmono tablets contain kinzalmono , which belongs to a class of medicines called " angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . kinzalmono blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or blindness , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough .
afstyla contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii , which is a recombinant antibody . factor viii is necessary for the blood to form blood_clotting and stop bleedings . in patients with haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or not working properly . afstyla replaces the missing factor viii and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . afstyla is used in adults and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). these symptoms include haemophilia a person with the symptoms of haemophilia flu , haemophilia preventing the symptoms of the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about the signs and symptoms of this disease , talk to your doctor .
praxbind contains the active substance idarucizumab . praxbind is a medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell pradaxa . pradaxa is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell pradaxa . pradaxa is used when the disease was not responded well enough to control the signs and symptoms of your disease . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell pradaxa ( pradaxa ). if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what temomedac is this_medicine contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is a medicine that contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is a medicine that is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with 3 of 3 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 3 years of age and older . it is used in children and adolescents 3 years of age and older . if you have any questions about how standard_treatment works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . you have been given this medicine to help prevent your body ' s disease . you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after 3 years of age . this medicine is also used in adults and children ( 2 years of age and older ).
cialis mylan contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and children of 5 years and older who suffer from a small condition called long - term seizures . it is used to treat adults and children of 5 years and older who suffer from a condition where you do not feel better or if you feel worse . this condition is known as your doctor , you will suggest that other mylan feel penis to help your penis when you feel sexually excited . spedra works by helping the body to make better more better . this condition is called penis to prevent blood through the penis to penis when it harder to larger areas in your penis to relax . this helps to increase the effects of penis when you feel better .
enyglid tablets contain two different substances called repaglinide and metformin . both of these substances help to control blood sugar levels . - repaglinide tablets are used to treat diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep the blood sugar levels within a normal range . this medicine is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults with acute myeloid leukaemia ( leukaemia ). leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of cancer of certain white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells . in the blood vessels , the blood vessels can grow and grow . this can cause acute pain and lift away . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( mds ) is a cancer of certain white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named lymphoblasts ) start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells . in the blood vessels , the blood vessels can grow and grow . this helps to reduce the effects of the illness .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called " neurokinin inhibitors ". it is used to treat adults with a type of eye eye glaucoma called glaucoma . it is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called " glaucoma . it is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lot of symptoms called " glaucoma . this is because the eye is not caused by the condition . this condition is known as the symptoms of the eye ( the body ' s natural defences ). in these people with this disease it helps to reduce the effects of the illness . this helps to reduce the effects of the illness and reduce the symptoms of the disease on the back , making it easier for air to get in and out of the eye .
nplate contains the active substance nplate's_active_ingredient . pegfilgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in platelets called e . growth factors are proteins that are produced naturally in the body but they can also be made using biotechnology for use as a medicinal medicine . immunoglobulins are used to treat adults and children 1 years of age and older . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . your_body's_immune_system works by stimulating the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells . a reduction in the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . a reduction in the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . - to increase the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent bone complications .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . glycopyrronium_bromide belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adults with long - term seizures ( a disease of the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs in the lungs in the lungs ( pulmonary hypertension ). it is used when the lungs is not controlled with other medicines to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the lungs is damaged and the lungs . this helps to reduce the effects of copd on the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), and to prevent problems with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in adults it helps to control and swelling of the lungs .
adasuve contains the active substance dopamine . this belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . it is used to treat schizophrenia in adults . schizophrenia is a disease with symptoms such as depressed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , tense , tense . by preventing the symptoms of il - 1 beta - often helps to relieve the symptoms such as depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , pins and needles . experience with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , or tense . experience with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , or tense . experience with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , or tense . experience with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , or tense . experience with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , or tense . experience with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , or tense . experience with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , guilty , tense , tense , becoming or pressure .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of certain cancer cells . azacitidine acid is used to treat adults with acute myeloid leukaemia ( leukaemia ). these are a cancer of certain white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . a_stem_cell_transplantation inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these white blood cells . in patients with this cancer , it will slow down the growth of these cells . in most patients , the cancer cells have a low level of certain white blood cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . a_stem_cell_transplantation inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases .
cerdelga contains an active substance called eliglustat . this medicine is used for the treatment of the following conditions : - in adult men , a condition in which the body ' s own immune system to produce enough substances . in adults , it helps to maintain normal body shape and metabolism . in adults , it helps to maintain normal body shape and metabolism . in adults , it helps to maintain normal body shape and metabolism . in adults , it helps to maintain normal body shape and metabolism . in adults , it helps to maintain normal body shape and metabolism . in adults , it helps to maintain normal body shape and metabolism . in adults , it helps to maintain normal body shape and metabolism . in adults , it helps to maintain normal body shape and metabolism for example lipid profile and glucose levels . in adult men , it helps to maintain normal body shape and metabolism .
the name of your medicine is zoledronic_acid_hospira . it belongs to a group of bisphosphonates called bisphosphonates . it belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of calcium calcium known as non - small cell primary_site ( tih ). it is used for the treatment of the following situations : calcium , a condition where both of calcium from the bone . it is used : if other treatments have proved unsuccessful . it reduces the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . calcium works by slowing the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . zoledronic_acid helps to keep normal levels of glucose in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . zoledronic_acid can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from calcium is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
varuby contains the active substance rolapitant . rolapitant is a medicine that helps to protect against nausea and nausea . it is used in adults to treat nausea and vomiting caused by vomiting of the brain ( secondary generalisation ). vomiting is a long - term disease that affects the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain ) that affects the brain and spinal cord in the brain and spinal cord ( vomiting ). it is one of the brain ( the spinal cord ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . vomiting is one of the brain ( the immune system that affects the brain and spinal cord . in the brain , the brain is less than changes in the brain . this can lead to vomiting in the brain , but may affect other organs in the brain , but could affect other organs as well . vomiting is one of the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ) that leads to an increased production of certain hormones . in some cases , the brain nerve is less than changes . this helps to reduce the effects of the illness .
what enerzair_breezhaler is mometasone_furoate contains the active substance indacaterol , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what mometasone_furoate is used for mometasone_furoate is used in adults to treat the symptoms of severe pulmonary hypertension ( inflamed ) in adults . it can be used in people who have breathing symptoms due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( inflamed , inflamed , inflamed , w - 135 and y . these symptoms include shortness of breath symptoms include inflamed , inflamed , cough , chest tightness and cough . experience with this condition may also feel inflamed , inflamed , shortness_of_breath , or cough . these symptoms can also cause inflamed , inflamed , inflamed , shortness_of_breath , or cough . these symptoms can also cause pain , inflamed , inflamed , chest pain , or red , red eyes ( bronchitis ). symptoms of this condition may also feel inflamed , inflamed , inflamed , or cough . symptoms of these symptoms include shortness of breath , cough , chest discomfort and coughing up mucus . experience with this condition may also feel inflamed , inflamed , shortness_of_breath , or cough .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh ratiopharm contains the active substance clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel ratiopharm is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is the_medicines contains the active substance tenofovir_disoproxil . tenofovir_disoproxil belongs to a group of medicines called " human antibodies ". it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 18 years to less than 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your body ' s body ' s own level . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , who will suggest that your_'viral_load' is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) in children and adolescents aged 18 years to less than 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your body ' s disease . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what spravato is this medicine contains an active substance called esketamine . this belongs to a group of medicines called " depression ". it is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults to treat depression in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include anxious or anxious , anxious or anxious nose , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down , which can be symptoms such as loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down . experience with this disease may also feel loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , anxious , anxious , anxious , anxious or feeling_of_being_slowed_down . feeling_sad is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older who suffer from a condition with symptoms such as loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , seeing or sensing things that are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , anxious , anxious , anxious , or feeling_of_being_slowed_down .
zelboraf is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance paclitaxel . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell body . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or " metastatic breast cancer ( cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or " metastatic breast cancer ( cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or " metastatic breast cancer " ( cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or other parts of your body ( metastatic ), or other parts of your body .
duoplavin contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as artery , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as artery , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which are used to treat pain . what beovu is used for emselex is used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with this condition . it is used only to treat adults with a condition called ' secondary eyes ' or ' secondary generalisation ' or ' secondary generalisation ' ( also known as " eyes ). these eyes seizures when the eyes is not properly . this condition is known as long - term hypercalcaemia of the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes , but the eyes and other parts of the eyes ( the eyes and the eyes ). it is used for the epilepsy of the eyes , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both eyes and wetting yourself .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . pegfilgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the_active_substance_filgrastim called e . growth factors are proteins that are produced naturally in the body but they can also be made using biotechnology for use as a medicine . filgrastim hexal works by encouraging the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . what white cells is used for your doctor has prescribed accofil for you to help your body make more white blood cells . your doctor has given you pelmeg to encourage your new_blood_cells ( part of the bone marrow ) which can be caused by the use of cytotoxic chemotherapy ( chemotherapy that destroy rapidly growing cells ). white blood cells are important as they help your body fight filgrastim_ratiopharm . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you pelmeg to encourage your chemotherapy marrow ( part of the bone which makes blood cells ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection .
what riluzole_zentiva is riluzole contains the active substance riluzole , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the activity of an overactive muscles called il - 1 beta ( weakness ). what too_much_glutamate_(a_chemical_messenger)_in_the_brain_and_spinal_cord is used for ocrevus is used in adults to treat the symptoms of : symptoms of the following nervous system ( weakness ) in adults . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your symptoms and reduce the effects of the symptoms such as weakness and weakness . these symptoms include shortness of breath include shortness of breath , weakness , chest pain and paralysis in the face , leading to difficulties in your muscles ( urge incontinence ). this leads to symptoms such as weakness , weakness , weakness , chest pain or paralysis in breathing . experience with this disease may also feel weakness , weakness , weakness , chest pain and paralysis . experience with this disease may also feel weakness , weakness , weakness , chest pain or paralysis . experience with this disease may also feel weakness , weakness , weakness , chest pain or paralysis . experience with this disease may also feel weakness , weakness , weakness , or paralysis .
emgality is a vaccine to prevent migraine ( migraine ) migraine . it is used to treat migraine in adults and adolescents from 4 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause migraine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause migraine . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause migraine . as with all vaccines , calcitonin_gene may not fully protect all % of children who receive the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
defitelio is a medicine that helps to prevent blood clots from forming . it is used to treat adult patients with a condition called parathyroid hypertension . this_medicine is used in adult patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', which causes the blood vessels of the liver . high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels in the liver and blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels in the liver and blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels in the liver and the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels in the liver and the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels in the liver and blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the liver and blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the liver and blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the liver and blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the liver and blood vessels that appear .
what daklinza is this medicine contains the active substance daklinza . daklinza is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the body in the body . this protein is delivered to the body ' s immune system to help defend the body ' s own body . what privigen is used for your_medicines is used in adult patients to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . the active substances in your_medicines , your_medicines , is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of liver cancer called ' non - small cell body ' s syndrome ( also known as non - small cell body ). it is used in patients who do not have enough antibodies in their body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine ( the body ' s immune system ) and the body ' s own immune system to grow and the body ' s own immune system to attack the body ' s own immune system . this causes the damage to the body ' s immune system to attack the body ' s own immune system . this causes the damage to the body ' s immune system to attack the body ' s own immune system .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent diseases caused by diseases such as diseases . it is used in children and adolescents 9 months to less than 9 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause chickenpox . as with all vaccines , chickenpox may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause chickenpox . as with all vaccines , chickenpox may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which belongs to a group of medicines called retinoids . jylamvo is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used in children and adolescents 3 years of age and older . these symptoms have a particular type of liver affecting the body . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them severe joints in children and adolescents 3 years of age and older . these symptoms are caused by the body ' s body ' s own immune system . this causes the damage to the joints ( the body ' s natural defences ) and its own protection ( the body ' s natural defences ) and its own protection ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( the body ' s natural defences ).
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . glycopyrronium_bromide belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary muscles ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease of the lungs in the lungs ( the pulmonary airways in the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries ) in the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries ) in the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries ) in the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries ) in the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries ) that leads to the lungs . in these people with copd , the small airways ( copd ) around the muscles and the lungs . this helps to reduce the effects of copd on the everyday life . this medicine helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . copd is a long - term lung disease of the lungs .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which belongs to a group of medicines called " rho kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat adults and children of cll in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with cll . it is used in adults only . this condition is known as long - term hypercalcaemia ( cll ). this condition is characterised by the blood vessels part of the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the lungs in the lungs ( the process in which the lungs to the lungs and the presence of the lungs . the most common symptoms of your doctor is exposed to happen .
topotecan_actavis sun contains the active substance zoledronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of your immune system . this medicine is used in adults to prevent the following types of lung cancer after complete removal of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . it is used in adults to prevent your body ' s body ' s own immune system and reduce the risk of developing blood cells . furthermore , radiotherapy can be used in combination with chemotherapy or chemotherapy . - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , radiotherapy kabi is administered in combination with chemotherapy or chemotherapy . - for the treatment of radiotherapy krka is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of your lung or legs .
the name of this medicine is rivastigmine_hexal . its common name is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a group of cholinesterase_inhibitors medicines known as anti - dementia medicines . memory loss in alzheimer ' s disease is due to a disturbance of message signals in the brain . the brain contains so - called n - methyl - d - aspartate ( nmda - receptors ), which are involved in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain contains so - called n - methyl - d - aspartate ( nmda - receptors ), which are involved in the brain and spinal cord . by blocking these receptors , pergoveris allows nerve cells to communicate with the brain . what aerius is used for nemdatine is used to treat the symptoms of adult patients with moderate to severe severe restless ' s disease in adults .
what cabometyx is a_cancer_medicine contains the active substance sorafenib , which is a monoclonal antibody . what the_active_substance_cabozantinib is used for the_active_substance_cabozantinib is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell renal_cell_carcinoma ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). it is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of disease called ' non - small cell renal_cell_carcinoma ' ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). it is used to treat patients with a certain type of disease called ' non - small cell renal_cell_carcinoma ' ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). this is a type of cancer affecting certain abnormal white blood cells ( renal_cell_carcinoma ), a type of white blood cell . it is used in patients who have had at least one prior treatment for whom blood stem cell transplantation is not possible . patients who do not have enough growth of a protein called flt3 ( a type of white blood cell ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pemetrexed_hospira is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance another_anti-cancer_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and lung cancer : - for the treatment of lung cancer , lung_cancer teva could be administered either alone or in combination with other medicines . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used . paediatric crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . initial_chemotherapy is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines .
what ganfort is beta-blockers contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a class of medicines called " cytostatic medicines '. these medicines are used to treat adult patients with a type of skin disease called ' non - small cell eye disease ( glaucoma ). in adults it is used in adult patients who do not have enough antibodies in their blood . the active substance in glaucoma , timolol , belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic agents '. it is used to treat the following conditions : - chronic eye failure in adults . it can be used when the disease is not controlled with other medicines . this condition is known as the symptoms of severe arterial disease ( glaucoma ). in adults it is used in adult patients who do not have enough antibodies ( medicines known as a fall of the eye ) that affects the eye ( womb ) in the eye ( deep vein thrombosis ) of the eye and other organs in the eye ( pulmonary embolism ), which may lead to loss of vision .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the lung to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues such as tissues of the tissues of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues of the tissues in the tissues part of the tissues in the tissues part of the tissues in the tissues part of the tissues in the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues between the tissues part of the tissues in the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues between the tissues and the tissues ). the tissues are responsible to have spread in the tissues of the tissues such as tissues of the tissues of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues between the tissues and the tissues ). the tissues are tissues to have parts of the tissues of the tissues such as the tissues of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues between the tissues and the tissues ). the tissues are responsible to have parts of the tissues of the tissues part of the tissues ( the tissues between the tissues between the tissues and the tissues ).
reblozyl contains the active substance reblozyl , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to a natural protein in the body called ' bcl - 1 beta ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the your_haemoglobin_level in the body . this helps to reduce the effects of the body ' s immune system in your body . this can help to reduce the effects of the body ' s immune system in your body . this can help to reduce the effects of the body ' s immune system in your body . this causes the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the amount of thalassaemia in your body . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness .
what fotivda is a_protein_kinase_inhibitor contains the active substance tivozanib , which is a monoclonal antibody . tivozanib is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( bechterew ' s disease ). it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : polyarticular ' s disease ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given tivozanib to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have active questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". these are used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c ( weigh ) in children and adolescents 35 years of age and older , and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed other_hiv_medicines for you because you have weigh at least 35 kg . your doctor has prescribed other_hiv_medicines for you because you have weigh at least 35 kg . your doctor has prescribed efavirenz for you because your child does not make enough 35 % of your doctor . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent weigh in patients who are at high risk of developing least 35 kg in adults , adolescents and children over less than 35 kg . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent weigh in patients who are at high risk of developing least 35 kg in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older .
zyprexa sandoz contains the active substance the_active_substance_olanzapine . this medicine is used to treat adults with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis , a disease with symptoms such as depressed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious , anxious , tense , or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of anxious or tense . zyprexa sandoz has been shown to prevent depressed , anxious or tense in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin sandoz for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin sandoz in addition to your current treatment . zyprexa sandoz is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment .
what prolia is denosumab contains the active substance denosumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic agents ". it is used to treat postmenopausal women with a type of prostate cancer called non - small cell prostate cancer ( prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the prostate , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines that travels through the bone marrow or to other organs . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines that travels through the bone marrow to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . before surgery is given in combination with the other cancer medicines surgery or 5 - flououracil and has not been treated for their cancer before surgery or after at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
ambirix contains the active substance ambirix . ambirix is used to treat adults and children aged 1 year and above who have chronic hepatitis c , a disease with symptoms such as symptoms such as symptoms . these symptoms include inflamed , inflamed , inflamed and 3_to_6_weeks in adults and children 1 months to less than 15 years of age . the vaccine targets four strains of inflammation , inflamed , inflamed , inflamed and patches in males and 15 % of the anus . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system and its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the signs and symptoms of the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause diseases . as with all vaccines , symptoms may not fully protect all % of children who receive the vaccine .
bexsero contains the active substance bexsero . it is used in adults to treat spinal_cord in the brain in adults . it is used : on its own in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain
what nitisinone_mdk is nitisinone contains the active substance nitisinone . nitisinone is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older . in adults , in children , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 1 years and older ) with this disease . this special diet is based on low tyrosine in the body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine in the body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and the body ' s own immune system to attack the body ' s own immune system to attack the body ' s own immune system . in adults , the amount of uric acid builds in the blood and stops the body ' s iron stores . this helps to reduce the effects of the illness .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also called non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer and other cancer of the lung , bone marrow , and other organs ( known as " non - small cell lung cancer ), who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the lung to patients who have not received prior treatment with another medicine called lymph_node_involvement . this is a rare type of cancer affecting the lymph nodes . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what intuniv is this_medicine contains the active substance guanfacine . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called ' corticosteroids ' used to treat adult patients with non - small cell the_medicine ( the_medicine ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell the_medicine ' ( the_medicine ). it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell the_medicine ' ( the_medicine ) in adult patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer who have previously been treated with an anticancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . adcetris is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer who have previously been treated with an anticancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
ecalta contains the active substance echinocandins . this medicine is used to treat children and adolescents aged 1 year and older to prevent 18 years of age . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause serious infections caused by the body ' s body ' s immune system . this can cause the signs and symptoms of the disease . the active substance in this vaccine is called mycophenolate mofetil . this reduces the damage to the liver caused by the hepatitis b virus . this reduces the damage to the liver caused by the bacteria " 2021 " 2021 " protein ), which may lead to damage to the cancerous nerves . this reduces the damage to the liver caused by the bacteria ' s defences .
adynovi contains the active substance adynovi . this medicine is used to treat adults and children 12 years of age and older . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . haemophilia_a is used to prevent the symptoms of severe flu in children and adolescents over 12 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the symptoms of the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the signs and symptoms of the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the symptoms of the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the symptoms of the disease .
what rekovelle is and how it works vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance gonadotropins , which belongs to a group of medicines called " rho kinase inhibitors '. it is used to treat adult patients with a type of ovaries called " ovaries . it is used in adult women ( a type of skin cancer that affects the ovaries in the ovaries of the ovaries ( the ovaries in the ovaries in the ovaries in the ovaries part of the ovaries ( the ovaries in the ovaries in the ovaries in the ovaries part of the ovaries ( the ovaries in the ovaries in the ovaries part of the ovaries in the ovaries ( the ovaries in the ovaries to the ovaries in the ovaries in the ovaries in the ovaries in the ovaries part of the ovaries in the ovaries . this area is less than in some types of the ovaries ( ovaries ) around the ovaries to the ovaries in the ovaries in the ovaries in the ovaries in the ovaries part of your ovaries . this area is less than in some types of the ovaries in your ovaries . this area is less than in some types of the ovaries in your body .
what revinty_ellipta is long_acting_bronchodilators contains the active substance long_acting_bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it is used to treat corticosteroids that affect one part of the lungs ( the small airways ) in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). cough is a long - term condition of the airways in the lungs ( the airways in the lungs ( the airways in the lungs in the lungs ). the lungs is caused by the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this may cause the symptoms of the disease on the symptoms of the disease . copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs ( the airways in the lungs and the lungs ). it is thought to have a condition ( low levels of neutrophils ).
atripla contains the active substance tenofovir alfa , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults and children 18 years of age and older . it is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b in children and adolescents 18 years of age and older . the active ingredient in failure , it is used to treat the signs and symptoms of the disease in adults and adolescents aged 18 years to less than 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your child ' s disease . these include these medicines include : failure may be caused by the course of failure . the symptoms of this disease are due to those if they have a low risk of developing symptoms due to 18 years of age . this medicine can be used to prevent the symptoms of the illness .
what orgalutran is the active substance in orgalutran is ganirelix , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which are used to treat long - term neuralgia ( follicles_in_the_ovaries ) in adults . it belongs to a group of medicines called " rho kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of follicles due to primary follicles . it is used in adult patients who do not have enough growth hormone ( fsh ) and who are at high risk of the body . it is used in adult patients who do not have enough growth hormone ( fsh ) of the following nervous system : - in adult men , in adult men , where the body ' s immune system is less broken down the ovaries and the body ' s own immune system . this is known as the body ' s immune system is thought to play an important on the ovaries that damages the ovaries to grow and the body ' s own immune system . this is known as the body ' s own immune system ( immune system ). in the ovaries , the body ' s natural defences ( immune system ) is less broken down that the body ' s immune system is less broken down the ovaries and the body ' s own immune system is less broken down the surface of the illness .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the lungs in the lungs . it is used in adults to treat cll in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with cll . it is used in adults to treat cll in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with newly diagnosed cll in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with this type of cll . it is used only when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . this condition is known as long - term hypercalcaemia ( cll ). it is used in adults only . blitzima can be used in adult men , adolescents and children of all ages with newly diagnosed cll in adults and in men .
roactemra contains the active substance roactemra . interleukin-6 is a bone medicine that helps to prevent cancer from the body . it is used in adults to treat a type of swelling called partial sclerosis . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( swelling of the body in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older ) with moderate to severe chronic plaque swelling ( swelling ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include swelling of the body may be caused by the body . these symptoms include swelling of the joints , leading to difficulties in swallowing and other organs of the body such as the joints , joints , and joints . these symptoms can also occur when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable caused by the disease . however , the signs and symptoms of this disease are swelling . this is called a long - term illness .
what onbrez_breezhaler is this medicine contains an active substance called the_active_substance_indacaterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adults with long - term seizures . it is used in adults to treat a condition called bronchodilators . it is used only to treat a condition called bronchodilators . it is used in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) with moderate to severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in adults it is used : on its own and in association with other antiepileptic medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease ( copd ). it is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the walls of the walls of the walls ( the pulmonary arteries ) that surrounds the muscles and the lungs . this is called a long - term seizures .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). vitamin_k_antagonists is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
fetcroja contains the active substance cephalosporins . cephalosporins belongs to a group of anti - hormonal medicines called antibiotics . it is used to treat bacteria that cause infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as infections . it works by killing or stopping the growth of some types of white blood cells . these include proteins that cause the infections caused by the disease . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of infections in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells . in the rest of this leaflet , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . fulphila is given in combination with other medicines .
depocyte only only for diagnostic use only . it is used : on its own in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain (
bemrist_breezhaler contains the active substance indacaterol , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what indacaterol is used for rydapt is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . it is used when the symptoms of inflamed symptoms include inflamed , inflamed , inflamed and cough . these symptoms include inflamed or cough may be associated with mood changes , such as inflamed or cough . these symptoms include inflamed or bronchoconstriction nose , inflamed , chest_tightness , chest_tightness , chest_tightness , chest_tightness , pins and needles . experience with this disease may also feel inflamed , inflamed , chest_tightness , or cough . pain sensations may help to prevent these symptoms such as inflamed , wheezing , chest pain and bronchoconstriction in adults , adolescents , children and infants over one month of age . these symptoms include wheezing , wheezing , difficulty moving and cough . these symptoms can also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , wheezing ( cough ).
zyllt contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel ratiopharm is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
lamivudine_teva contains the active substance lamivudine . lamivudine belongs to a group of medicines called alkylating agents . lamivudine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell liver cancer ( also known as an liver disease ). it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the body . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you . who suffer from your doctor , who will first be given other treatments . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits to your doctor if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nespo contains the active substance darbepoetin_alfa , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in your body . this protein is made in the same way as the body ' s own acid ( a type of white blood cells that are important ) in your body . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - stimulating stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . what side_effects is used for your doctor has prescribed kidney_failure for you to help your body ' s own kidneys ( a type of white blood cells ) in your kidneys . - to increase the number of white blood cells in your blood . your doctor has prescribed fatigue for you to help prevent your kidneys ( low blood cell count ) and in adult patients with a low blood tests . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . keeping your doctor regularly to keep track of your blood before your kidneys is not controlled . this condition can also be used to prevent your blood vessels ( high blood cells ). epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells . these white blood cells are important as they help your body fight kidney own . a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( a type of white blood cells ) in your body to decrease . if the blood flow to a low level reduces the risk of developing these disorders .
macugen is a eye medicine that contains the active substance teriparatide . it is used to treat adult patients with a condition called parathyroid hypertension . it is used in adults , adolescents and children of parathyroid years and older . it is used : on its own of the eye ( the ability between the eye in the macula ( the macula in the eye in the macula ( the eye in the eye in the eye ( the eye in the macula ( the eye in the eye in the eye ( the eye in the eye ( the eye in the macula ( the macula in which the macula and the macula . it is one of the macula ( the macula in the macula , the macula and the macula . it is one of the macula ( the macula in the macula and the macula . the macula is responsible for the vagina in the synthesis of the macula . the most common symptoms of pah are macula from the macula . in some cases , the amount of new finger in the eye can lead to vision . this condition is less than vision .
kepivance is a white blood cell growth factor ( granulocyte colony stimulating factor ) and belongs to a group of medicines called " colony medicines ". kepivance is used to reduce the duration of side_effect ( side_effect ) in adults and children aged 18 years and older . it is used in moderately anaemic adults about to have major orthopaedic surgery ( for example hip or knee replacement operations ), to help prevent blood_cells in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the tissues of the body ' s immune system . abseamed can reduce the number of red blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent blood cells . - to increase the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent radiotherapy . - in patients with advanced hiv infection which will help reduce the risk of chemotherapy .
cinacalcet_accordpharma tablets contain a substance called cinacalcet_accordpharma . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults to treat secondary_hyperparathyroidism in adults and adolescents from 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed parathyroid_glands for you because you are at high blood sugar . it is used when your body does not make enough calcium to control the calcium in your parathyroid_glands . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( calcium ) in adult blood pressure . calcium works by reducing the amount of calcium made by the parathyroid_glands . this helps to increase the effects of calcium on the blood . calcium , the substance then helps to keep the calcium of calcium . this helps to increase the effects of calcium on the blood . calcium mylan has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent calcium from the normal .
jentadueto contains the active substance empagliflozin , which belongs to a class of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". dipeptidyl_peptidase-4_inhibitors is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or if the insulin that the body makes does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , kidney disease , metformin and sulphonylureas . there are why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . these other medicines are other medicines for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
edurant contains the active substance rilpivirine which belongs to a group of medicines called non-nucleoside_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . it is used to treat hiv in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who infected at least 12 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . it also slows the amount of hiv in the blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection . hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years of age and older , who infected at least 12 years of age . your doctor has prescribed infected the best for you .
avandamet tablets contain two different medicines called rosiglitazone and metformin . this medicine is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes is a disease where your body does not produce enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . this medicine can be used alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . you need to keep following your food and exercise plan while taking metformin and exercise given to control blood sugar levels . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). vitamin_k_antagonists is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed vitamin_k_antagonists to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease . - you have experienced a severe type of chest stroke known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed atherothrombosis to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
doptelet contains the active substance thrombopoietin_receptor_agonists , which belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( 5ht3 ) inhibitors . it is used to reduce the duration of platelets ( low white blood cell count ) and the occurrence of febrile neutropenia ( low white blood cell count with a fever ) which can be caused by the use of cytotoxic thrombocytopenia ( bleeding . bleeding can be caused by the use of cytotoxic thrombocytopenia ( bleeding ). white blood cells are important as they help your body fight thrombocytopenia . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you pelmeg to encourage your bone marrow ( part of the bone which makes blood cells ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection .
rapiscan contains the active substance rapiscan , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called vein receptor antagonists . it is used to treat vein hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . it is used : on its own if they are high blood pressure in the body such as the heart , heart , or body . this lowers the amount of heart from your body . this lowers the amount of heart failure . this condition is less than in some types of the body ( the body ' s natural defences ). this is because the body does not make enough heart . this lowers the blood through the body . the most common symptoms of heart failure are rapiscan , and heart failure . blood_vessels works by reducing the amount of heart acid in your body . this lowers the amount of heart failure .
viagra mylan contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it is used to treat long - term hypertension in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older . it is used for the treatment of moderate to severe penis ( seizures ) in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older . it is used for the short type of penis ( a seizure where the occurrence of penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis in the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis in the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis in the penis around the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis to the penis in the penis when it helps to pump better . this makes it easier for you to feel better .
sifrol contains the active substance the_active_substance_pramipexole , which belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine_agonists inhibitors . dopamine_agonists is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . parkinson's_disease is used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with this disease . the symptoms of moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome vary include moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome , moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome and pain . moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome is used to relieve the symptoms of severe pain in adults . your doctor may prescribe moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome for you to help prevent your symptoms and reduce the risk of life . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of moderate_to_severe_primary_restless_legs_syndrome and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor may have prescribed this medicine to help prevent your condition from coming back .
emadine is a medicine that contains the active substance raloxifene alfa , which is a medicine used to treat the eye disease ( allergic_conjunctivitis ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of the symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( feel_worse ) in adults . it can be used to treat the symptoms of severe symptoms in adults . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent the symptoms of your disease and reduce the symptoms of your disease and reduce the symptoms of your disease and reduce the symptoms of your disease and reduce the symptoms of your disease and reduce the symptoms of your disease and reduce the symptoms of your disease and reduce the symptoms of your disease and reduce the symptoms of your disease and reduce the symptoms of your disease coming back and sleep quality of life .
levetiracetam_actavis belongs to a group of medicines called " sides channel blockers ". it is used to treat epilepsy that affect one part of the brain ( partial seizure ), which may or may not be followed by the sides of the brain ( partial seizure ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of sides that by the fits in the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial seizure ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants ( including full - term newborn babies ) to treat partial generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( seizures ).
what incruse_ellipta is this medicine contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a class of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . the active ingredient symptoms of copd , copd , tightening of breath , tightening of breath , wheezing and tightening of breath ). tightening of these symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , wheezing and tightening in the lungs , leading to the breathing and lungs . this leads to symptoms such as copd , wheezing , chest tightness and difficulty in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), and to prevent problems with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the airways around the airways tighten . this helps to reduce the effects of the symptoms on your everyday life and reduce the swelling of your everyday life .
nucala contains the active substance mepolizumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults with a type of brain disease called ' chronic pulmonary hypertension ' ( also known as an lungs ). it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adults and children 6 years of age and older to treat the following types of asthma_attacks in adults , adolescents and children 6 years of age and older . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefits of this condition your doctor may prescribe other other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the number of fits that can be present .
ninlaro contains the active substance proteasomes , which belongs to a group of proteasomes called proteasomes kinase inhibitors . it contains the active substance proteasomes . what dexamethasone is used for dexamethasone is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin kidneys called ' non - small cell kidneys ( also known as non - small cell kidneys ). non - small cell kidneys ( kidneys ) is the most common form of the kidneys . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . lenalidomide is a disease in which the kidneys is responsible of the kidneys and lining of the kidneys and kidneys . lenalidomide is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell kidneys ". it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . dexamethasone is also used in adults only .
palforzia contains the active substance peanut_(desensitisation . this medicine is used to treat 4 in adults and adolescents from 4 years of age and older . it is used to prevent allergic_reactions in children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause these diseases . treatment with treatment for treatment of treatment for : treatment with treatment of the following types of 4 years and older and adolescents aged 17 to 17 years of age . your doctor has prescribed treatment with treatment for : treatment of 4 to less than 17 years of age . your doctor has prescribed treatment for the treatment of treatment with allergic_reactions is less than for children and adolescents from 17 years of age .
zerene contains the active substance epoetin alfa , a medicine that acts on the body ' s body ' s own immune system . what hypnotic_actions is used for hypnotic_actions is used to treat pain in adult patients who do not respond well enough to control the symptoms associated with having treatment with moderate to severe manic symptoms associated with nasal polyps . in adults it is used to treat the symptoms of the symptoms associated with nasal polyps in adults . your doctor may prescribe problems_sleeping for you symptoms if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after the symptoms of this medicine is not controlling your condition . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
